what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of the committee . 
i am surprised that the committee that we do not know what to do with the Senate too rise and independent . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the next two years in a debate on the Senate that undertaking . 
it is a committee , as important as this principle , to determine what some new Senate committee sit senators . 
i am therefore in the last sitting of the committee that one of the Senate in nine out of which was indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
it is one name Senate and honourable . 
i am therefore that you can see , did he not nice ? 
those who will have to find in their own was because research senators . 
when one , it should do the job accepts an . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
the majority of the Senate in that duty they will remplissaient much more men . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans , under the sessions of 1998 . 
the House of Commons at this point do here or the Senate Ni . 
for all of the proceedings of the committee , after they three senators women . 
the leadership of the Senate are able to find a man that committee . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked . , talk , talk to senator Carstairs took hon. 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the one on the subject of women representation in a report . 
it was on the parliamentary associations that sets in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées . The delegations 
this is in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator for a number of years Finestone . 
however , I look forward to my association the back has preferred . 
i do not know when the House will be about these two reports . , no matter how honourable Senate 
the Senate is that each on television verdict . 
by a group of students , or any of reporters . wondered or 
let us say that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if a in committee , he or she should participate in any meetings . provided to accept this position Senate 
some hon. members which we are not the words in the corridors : 
today there is a question , and in committee , " you two years of education and in committee . " final Présentez 
they do not know what they are , but out to them when they stand viewed as stand their leaders . 
they do not know at what happened . 
the words " '' , " and " is the way in our dedication . speech senators honourable continuité 
over the next two , to look at the way we will address the Senate . independent start weeks 
if we do not do that , I would be interested in the parliamentary committee on my own créerai world affairs . 
no one can we try to . 
the Speaker Honour the : 
if not speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , senators , you like any other hon. Senator honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
