what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting in one of the committee . 
and I am surprised that the committee that we do not know what to do with the Senate . independent too rise 
that will not so concerned about at this time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the work that over the next two years of strikes a senator . 
it is a committee as important as this principle , to determine what some senators . sit new Senate committee 
i am therefore in the sitting of the committee to yesterday to see that one of the Senate . was indeed nine introduced 
it was sent a replacement . 
it is one name , honourable senators . 
you will see that it cannot , I am nice ? 
their own will have to find that had been because the Senate research . 
when one , it is willing to work to do . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
the majority of the Senate in that duty they will remplissaient much more men . 
i remember that the committee to the held sessions of of veterans in 1998 . February 
the House it is then sitting in the Senate Ni or . 
they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of the three senators women . 
the leadership of the Senate are able to find a man that committee . 
i could cite , the answer the question I asked to talk , talk senator Carstairs took him . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the first to use the women ' s report in a representation . 
that it was struck by the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at the time of men . only " The delegations formées 
this is , in this regard I have been replaced by Senator for a number of years Finestone . 
however , I will look back the opportunity to my association preferred . 
i do not know how when the House will be much about these two reports . or Senate and honourable 
is that every time the senators on television verdict . 
by a group of , or any of students or wondered journalists . 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if this position in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings . set a senator accept 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
do you today and in committee after years of education , there is a final question in committee . " two " Présentez 
they do not even know what they are , but when they stand out to them . stand their leaders considers 
they do not know at what happened . 
the words " , " and " is the way in our . speech " dedication continuité senators honourable 
over the next two weeks , to look at the way we will start the Senate . independent into 
if we do not do this , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on my own créerai I world affairs . 
no one can we try to . 
the Speaker : Honour the 
if any other wishes to speak , one , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion ? Senate and honourable do hon. Senator 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
