what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting in one of the committee . 
i am surprised that the committee and that is what to do with the Senate . independent too knew rise 
that will not so concerned about at this time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years that the work of strikes a senator . 
it is a committee , as important as this principle , to determine what some senators . new Senate committee sit 
i am therefore in the sitting of the committee to realize that one of the Senate 9 . were indeed yesterday ' s report 
it was sent a replacement . 
it is one name , honourable senators . 
you will see that it cannot , I am nice ? 
will have to find that was the fault of their own senators research . 
when one , it is willing to work the do . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they have that the majority of the Senate in their remplissaient much more men . 
i remember that the veterans of the committee to the held at the meetings on February 1998 . 
the House it is then sitting in the Senate Ni or . 
in the proceedings of women , all of the Liberals have three senators after committee . 
the leadership of the Senate committee to could not find it a man . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked was , talk , talk to hon. senator Carstairs . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the one on the subject of women representation in a report . 
that it was struck by the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at that time was only of men formées . The delegations 
this is in this regard , I have been replaced by the Senate . for a number of years Finestone 
however , I want the opportunity to look back preferred . my association 
i do not know when the decision about these two reports will be no Senate and honourable how House . 
is that every time the senators on television verdict . 
by a group of , or any of students . journalists or wondered 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
