what happened to the Senate and honourable last Tuesday ? 
it is a selection committee this achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting with such as this one . 
what I would like to know what is really surprised and the Senate committee rise - employed 
i am not so that concern for a moment . 
the selection committee could be some form . 
over the next two years in the Senate is undertaking that work . 
it is a point of view in the Senate committee where there are new to actually sitting such principles senators . 
my question is for the last sitting day in and of the Senate committee that were made to find new indeed . 
that was sent a replacement . 
it is certainly honourable the Senate - name 
i did not see that the kind of support for me ? 
we will have to go on record that was their own senator research . 
when one has to do with the willing to work . 
we have women who sit on the Senate - shows 
the majority of the men and women who are having a better remplissaient Senate . 
i remember as a member of the committee should be required to veterans in 1998 - February hold 
the House today that we are here in the Senate or Ni . 
they are at the meetings in each of the Senate committee after three women . 
they are unable to get a man of the Senate committee officials . 
the answer the question I asked me to speak , I could use the words senator Carstairs took him . 
he said : " I meant what were the criteria Quels ? 
will the minister said in the first report of the men and women like a representation . 
it is to put forward in 1993 . parliamentary associations 
at that time was the only men . The delegations formées 
we on this , I have been replaced by over the next senator Finestone . 
however , I would like him to look back - my association preferred 
i do not want to take the time , no matter how this honourable House senators two reports . 
it is that each of the Senate verdict . television 
a number of , or more than one - journalists students wondered 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I understand it . 
in fact , if it does not bring . 
i do not have the option . 
in a position that will be put on the part of a committee so we agree or - existing meetings Senate 
some hon. members to which we are not saying that the corridors 
there are a couple of years now and in committee , and that he will be re - final question such education Présentez 
they do not know what they came to power , they will take a stand when one considers stand . 
they do not know at what happened . 
the words " and " is the way things were done in our commitment . " senators continuité honourable 
in the way we will look at the beginning to address both the coming weeks Senate - employed 
i do not know if the member , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on our own businesses . international créerai 
if we can try to do . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
it is my pleasure to rise in the House , but it does not want any hon. Senator honourable Senate ? 
some hon. members : 
well . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to ) 
