During 1911 and 1912, Carnegie gave the Corporation $125 million, making it the largest single philanthropic trust ever established up to that time. As the residual legatee under his will, the Corporation received an additional $10 million when the estate was settled. Carnegie earmarked a portion of the endowment to be used for philanthropic purposes in Canada and what were then the British Colonies. This part of the endowment was first known as the Special Fund, then the British Dominions and Colonies Fund, and later the Commonwealth Program. Charter amendments have allowed the Corporation to use 7.4 percent of its income in countries that are or have been members of the British Commonwealth. In 1911 the foundation supported the "Preliminary Report of the Committee of the Eugenic Section of the American Breeder's Association to Study and to Report on the Best Practical Means for Cutting Off the Defective Germ-Plasm in the Human Population." One recommended policy was euthanasia via forced sterilization. Following Carnegie's death, the Corporation began to align its programs with the more scientific assumptions that were coming to dominate social initiatives in the early part of this century. Convinced of the nation's need to increase scientific expertise and "scientific management," the Corporation sought to build centers of excellence in the natural and social sciences. Large grants were made to the National Academy of Sciences/National Research Council, the Carnegie Institution of Washington, the National Bureau of Economic Research, the Food Research Institute at Stanford University, and the Brookings Institution. At this time, the Corporation also developed an interest in adult education and lifelong learning as a logical sequel to Carnegie's preoccupation with libraries as "the university of the people." In 1919 it initiated the vast Americanization Study to explore educational opportunities for adults, primarily new immigrants. In 1927 Keppel toured sub-Saharan Africa and recommended the first set of grants to establish public schools in East and southern Africa. Other grants were made for municipal library development in South Africa. In 1928 the Corporation launched the Carnegie Commission on the Poor White Problem in South Africa. Better known as the "Carnegie Poor White Study," it served to promote strategies for improving the position of rural Afrikaner whites. The poverty, oppression, and political exclusion of South African blacks were explicitly addressed in the grant programs and in a second Carnegie inquiry during the late 1970s and early 1980s.Tal olid vennad Albrecht, Peter ja Antonius. Creul oli Saksa ordu liige. Creul resideerus orduprokuraatorina Saksa ordu kõrgmeistrile kajastas ta toimunud sündmusi, eriti oikumeenilise kirikukogu ja 1. septembril 1438 saatis ta kõrgmeistrile kirja seoses Saksa ordu ja liivimaalaste vahelise tüliga ja toetas Johannes Niclosdorfi rahaga. Samuti pälvisid tähelepanu ordu sisetülid. Creul teatas kuldnat Rooma oma piiskopiksmääramise eest. 15. juunil 1439 palus Creul kõrgmeistrilt tungivalt raha. 8. jaanuaril 1440 palus ta kõrgmeistrit takistada liivimaalaste upsakust kuna Riia peapiiskop oli kinnitanud piiskopiks Ludolf Grove. 2. detsembril 1440, et 19. novembril 1443 Saksa ordu kõrgmeistril toetada Creuli. Kõrgmeister Konrad von Erlichshausen nõudis 29. märtsil 1445 maameistrilt Heidenreich Vinke von Overbergilt Grovega tekkinud tüli lahendamist ja nõudis mitte viivitada Creuli taotluste täitmisega. Creul kurtis 17. augustil 1445 eelmise Elblągi preestri üle. Creul soovitas rüütlid tahavad Creuli abistada. 31. augustil 1445 saatis Creul kõrgmeistrile kirja Saare-Lääne piiskopkonna omandi asjus. Kõrgmeister andis septembris 1445 instruktsiooni maameistrile Creuli ametissepaigutamise asjus. 17. veebruaril 1446 nõudis kõrgmeister maameistrilt taas Creuli abistamist. Creul teatas kapiitli ja Konrad von Uxkülli poolt pitseritega kinnitatud. Creul sõnastas 22. juunil 1446 notariaali, mille järgi jäi Grove piiskopiks ja Creul lubas teda mitte takistada. Grove pidi kahjutasu ära maksma kahes osas. Riia peapiiskopkonna rüütelkondi abistama Saare-Lääne piiskoppi Creuli võitluses Ludolf Grove vastu. Kõrgmeister teatas 30. jaanuaril 1448, et Creul tuleb ülestõusmispühade järel Liivimaa prelaatide, kapiitlite ja rüütelkondade abiga ametisse paigutada. Creuli Tallinnasse siirdumist pidi toidumoonaga varustama maameister, Creul oli 22. juulil 1448 Tallinnas oma taotlusi nõudmas, mistõttu Grovet kohustati alad loovutama.