Transakcija – loginis duomenų bazių darbo vienetas, veiksmų duomenų bazėje seka. Transakcija vykdoma iki galo, arba anuliuojama visiškai. Transakciją galima apibūdinti kaip duomenų bazės transformavimą iš vienos suderintos į kitą suderintą būseną, tačiau tarpiniuose taškuose duomenų bazė yra nesuderintoje būsenoje.   Jei transakcija nepavyko todėl, jog jos metu kompiuterinė sistema nustojo dirbusi, naujai paleidus sistemą joje neturi likti neužbaigtos transakcijos pėdsakų. Pavyzdžiui, pervedant banke pinigus, pervedama suma nuskaičiuojama nuo vienos sąskaitos ir pridedama prie kitos. Normaliam darbui būtina, jog, nepriklausomai nuo bet kokių aplinkybių turi būti atlikti arba abu šie veiksmai, arba nei vienas. Duomenų bazė, palaikanti transakcijas, vadinama transakcine duomenų baze. Dauguma šiuolaikinių duomenų bazių yra transakcinės.Głównym zastosowaniem kodu źródłowego jest wyrażanie programów komputerowych w zrozumiałej postaci, dzięki czemu mogą być one łatwo rozwijane i rozbudowywane o nową funkcjonalność. Kod stanowi wtedy wejście dla procesu, którego wynikiem jest rzeczywisty program nadający się do wykonania. Kod źródłowy stanowi także jeden ze sposobów zapisu algorytmów, np. w książkach lub artykułach. Dzięki dodatkowemu poziomowi abstrakcji wprowadzanemu przez język programowania, kod źródłowy nie musi uwzględniać wszystkich operacji potrzebnych do rozwiązania danego problemu. Pominięte kwestie mogą być rozwiązywane na etapie kompilacji lub interpretacji zależnie od platformy sprzętowej, na jakiej aktualnie pracujemy. Umożliwia to tworzenie przenośnych programów, mniej uzależnionych od konkretnego rodzaju sprzętu i oprogramowania. Bez dostępu do kodu źródłowego, przeniesienie programu na inną platformę może być bardzo złożonym, a przez to zupełnie nieopłacalnym procesem. Innym rozwiązaniem problemu przenośności jest emulacja oryginalnej platformy.From the fifth to the seventh century, about thirty Toledo in what would come to be part of Spain.  The earliest, directed against "third" synod of 589 marked the epoch-making conversion of King orthodox fourth", in 633, probably under the presidency of the noted British Celts of Galicia accepted the Latin rite and stringent measures were adopted against baptized Jews who had relapsed into their former faith.  The "twelfth" council in 681 assured to the canons of Toledo found a place in the Decretum Gratiani, they exerted an important influence on the development of ecclesiastical law. The seventh century is sometimes called, by Spanish historians, the Siglo de Concilios, or "Century of Councils". By 711 Berbers had converted to Islam, which by the 8th century dominated all the north of Africa. A raiding party led by Tariq ibn-Ziyad was sent to intervene in a civil war in the Visigothic kingdoms in Iberia. Crossing the Strait of Gibraltar, it won a decisive victory in the summer of 711 when the Visigothic king Roderic was defeated and killed on July 19 at the Battle of Guadalete. Tariq's commander, Musa bin Nusair quickly crossed with substantial reinforcements, and by 718 the Muslims dominated most of the peninsula. The advance into Europe was stopped by the Franks under Charles Martel at the Battle of Tours in 732. The rulers of Al-Andalus were granted the rank of Emir by the Umayyad CaliphAl-Walid I in Damascus. After the Umayyads were overthrown by the Abbasids, some of their remaining leaders escaped to Spain under the leadership of Abd-ar-rahman I who challenged the Abbasids by declaring Córdoba an independent emirate. Al-Andalus was rife with internal conflict between the Arab Umayyad rulers and the Visigoth-Roman Christian population. In the 10th century Abd-ar-rahman III declared the Caliphate of Córdoba, effectively breaking all ties with the Egyptian and Syrian caliphs. The Caliphate was mostly concerned with maintaining its power base in North Africa, but these possessions eventually dwindled to the Ceuta province. Meanwhile, a slow but steady migration of Christian subjects to the northern kingdoms was slowly increasing the power of the northern kingdoms. Even so, Al-Andalus remained vastly superior to all the northern kingdoms combined in population, economy, culture and military might, and internal conflict between the Christian kingdoms contributed to keep them relatively harmless. After centuries of the Reconquista, in which Christian Spaniards fought to drive out the Moors, the Spanish Inquisition was established in 1478 by Catholic Monarchs Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile. to complete the religious purification of the Iberian Peninsula.برگزاری مراسم ماه مبارک رمضان که بصورت اقامه نماز جماعت، سخنرانی و مداحی می‌باشد.مراسم هفتگی زیارت عاشورا که در شب‌های جمعه و دعای ندبه در صبح جمعه برگزار و مورد استقبال جمع کثیری از مردم خصوصاً جوانان قرار میگیرد. تاریخچه حسینیه اعظم را با یاری گرفتن از گزارش شفاهی اهالی محل، معمرین، خادمین و هیات امناء قدیمی و از آن اشخاصی که خودشان بطور مستقیم و یا بطور غیر مستقیم از طریق پدر بزرگهایشان و از کسان دیگر راجع به قدمت و تاریخ گذشته حسینیه خاطراتی داشته‌اند نقل می‌کنیم.البته بدیهی است که در نقل قول احتمال کم یا زیاد بودن مطلب گفته شده وجود دارد ولی سعی شده مطالب با تطبیق همدیگر نزدیک به حقیقت باشد تا بتوان نسبت به آنها استناد جست و آیندگان بتوانند از آن استفاده کنند.متأسفانه تاریخ مدون ما در گذشته همیشه دچار چنین نقصهایی بوده‌است.نبودن افراد خبره و علاقمند در شهرمان که بخواهند حوادث مختلف را ثبت و ضبط کرده و آنها را به آیندگان انتقال دهند همیشه یکی از معضلات جامعه شهر زنجان بوده‌است و اگر تعدادی کتب تاریخی نیز تألیف وتدوین شده و موجود است بدون تجزیه و تحلیل بوده و از جزئیات مهم تاریخی چشم پوشیده‌اند لذا مورخین حوادث را بصورت کلی و گذرا و بشکل قصه و داستان گونه نقل کرده‌اند. ۴-مدرسه و مسجد حسینیهJuliet teki salaa kokeita hedelmättömänä pidetylle syöpäsairaalle siskolleen ja kokeiden onnistuttua Rachel tulikin raskaaksi. 2001 Julietille tarjottiin työtä Mittelosin Biotieteessä. Julietin ex-mies uhkaili, ettei päästäisi Julietia lähtemään. Juliet vastasi vitsinä, että voisi hyväksyä työtarjouksen vain, jos bussi ajaisi Edmundin yli. Hyvin pian tämän jälkeen bussi törmäsi Edmundiin tämän ylittäessä suojatietä ja hän kuoli sisäisiin vammoihinsa. Myöhemmin Richard Alpert ja Ethan Rom ilmestyivät ruumishuoneelle Julietin luo ja ilmaisivat myötätuntonsa. He pyysivät Julietia uudestaan liittymään yritykseensä ja Juliet suostui. Saapuessaan Mittelosiin, Juliet yllättyi salailusta, joka koski yritystä. Hänelle ei kerrottu edes yrityksen sijaintia. Richard Alpert kuitenkin kertoi Julietille, että hänen siskonsa parantuminen oli syynä hänen värväykselleen ja että hänen tuleva työpaikkansa oli saari, jonka ihmeistä Juliet ei osaisi edes unelmoida. Kolmen vuoden ajan Juliet hoiti Benin käskystä raskaana olevia äitejä, jotka kaikki kuolivat ennen synnytystä. Julietilla oli salasuhde naimisissa olevaan mieheen. Myöhemmin selviää, että Ben oli ihastunut Julietiin ja hankkiutui eroon miehestä saadakseen Julietin itselleen. Myöhemmin Juliet pyytää Beniltä päästä pois saarelta tapaamaan siskoaan, mutta Ben sanoo Rachelin syövän uusiutuneen ja tämän kuolevan ennen kuin Juliet saapuisi hänen luokseen. Ben kuitenkin lupaa parantaa Rachelin jos Juliet jäisi. Ben aikoo pitää lupauksensa päästää Juliet pois saarelta sukellusveneellä, mutta vain  tunteja ennen suunniteltua lähtöä Locke räjäyttää sukellusveneen osana Jackin pelastusoperaatiota. Pelastusoperaation seurauksena Toiset pakenevat leiristä jättäen Julietin jälkeensä. Juliet uskottelee, että Toiset ovat hylänneet hänet, vaikka todellisuudessa Ben halusi Julietin vakoilevan Jackia ja muita lentokoneessa olleita. Ben aiheuttaa Clairen sairastumisen, jotta Juliet voisi pelastaa tämän. Vaikka muut ovat epäluuloisia Julietia kohtaan, he sallivat hänen jäädä rannalle heidän kanssaan.