Pada 2002 Gujarat dilanda kerusuhan massa. Iklimnya kebanyakan kering dan banyak padang gurun di barat laut. Gujarat memiliki panjang pesisir sekitar 1600 km, pesisir terpanjang yang dimiliki oleh seluruh negara bagian India. Di pesisir ini terdapat Teluk Kutch dan Teluk Cambay. Di Gujarat juga terdapat beberapa Singa Asia yang masih tersisa, terkenal karena bulu lehernya yang berwarna hitam gelap, terdapat di Girnar. Ada juga beberapa "sanctuary" kehidupan liar dan perlindungan alam, termasuk Anjal, Balaram-Ambaji, Barda, Jambughoda, Jessore, Kachchh Desert, Khavda, Nal Sarovar, Narayan Sarovar, Paniya, Purna, Rampura, Ratanmahal, dan Schoolpaneshwar. The Patan) was one of the largest cities in India, with population estimated at 100,000 in the year 1000. In 1026, the famous Somnath temple in Gujarat was destroyed by Mahmud of Ghazni. After 1243, the Solkanis lost control of Gujarat to their feudatories, of whom the Vaghela chiefs of Dholka came to dominate Gujarat. In 1292 the Vaghelas became tributaries of the Yadava dynasty of Devagiri in the Deccan. In Gujarat a few new towns have been established since Indian independence in 1947. Most of these are more like settlements established near existing urban centres. Gandhidham, Sardarnagar and Kubernagar are three rehabilitation towns more of refugee settlements than self-sufficient towns. The last two now form part of the city of Ahmedabad. Ankaleswar and Mithapur were two of the earlier industrial towns established in Gujarat. A complex of three small townships for the oil refinery, the Fertilizer Factory and Petro-chemicals plant also came up near Baroda. Kandla is the only new port town established in the State. The next reference to a capital is to ‘Ashapalli’ or ‘Karnavati’  during the region of Solanki Kings in 1040 A.D.  With the advent of Mughals, Ahmedabad was established in the year 1411 A.D. and remained as the capital of the state until 1970, except for a brief period from around 1500 to 1525 A.D. when it was shifted to Champaner. Gandhinagar was established as the new Capital of the State and became functional in 1970 with the shifting of the State Government offices there.Heinkel He 177 Greif bol jediný ťažký bombardér vo výzbroji Luftwaffe. Stroj sa však nedočkal väčšieho rozšírenia, kvôli pretrvávajúcim technickým problémom a nezmyselným požiadavkám zo strany RLM. Ak by boli odstránené nedostatky s prehrievaním motorov a niektoré iné, mohol byť tento stroj vážnou hrozbou pre Spojencov. V roku 1936 firma Ernst Heinkel AG obdržala detailné požiadavky na nový Bomber A od RLM. Táto požiadavka obsahovala dopyt po stroji s maximálnou rýchlosťou 540 km/h, schopným niesť náklad 2000 kg bômb s doletom 1600 km, alebo 1000 kg na vzdialenosť 2900 km. Jednalo sa o náročné požiadavky, ktoré znamenali, že bude musieť byť schopné letieť rýchlejšie než akákoľvek vtedajšia stíhačka, a výkonovo predstihnúť akýkoľvek bombardér vo výzbroji. Aby to dokázal splniť, šéfkonštruktér Heinkelu Siegfried Gunther, musel zaviesť viacero nevyskúšaných prvkov. Napríklad, pre pohon svojho nového stroja Gunther potreboval pár leteckých motorov s výkonom 2000 hp. No v tom čase Nemci takýmto motorom nedisponovali. Aby obišiel tento problém bez použitia štyroch menších motorov, sa Gunther rozhodol zakomponovať nový  dvojitý motor Daimler Benz DB 606. Tento motor pozostával z páru vodou chladených , 12 valcových, oproti sebe otočených motorov DB 601, poháňajúcich jeden rotor, pomocou spojenej prevodovky, v jednej motorovej gondole. Dva nové DB 606, ktoré každý poskytovali výkon  2600 hp, mali poháňať Heinkel He 177.