कोलोरैडो प्रदेश उनितेद स्टातेस ऑफ़ अमेरिका के रोक्की मौन्तैन शेत्र में स्तिथ है । कोलोरैडो राज्य को पश्चिमी अमेरिका तथा Southwestern का भाग्य भी माना जा सकता है ।  The Denver is the most populous city of Colorado. Citizens of Colorado are known as Coloradans. The bulk of Colorado's population lives along the eastern edge of the Rocky Mountains in the Front Range Urban Corridor. This region is partially protected from prevailing storms by the high mountains to the west. To the west lies the eastern slope of the Walsenburg in the south. This area drains to the east, is forested, and partially urbanized.  During the drought of 2002 devastating forest fires swept this area. Within the interior of the Rocky Mountains are several large parks or high broad basins. In the north, on the east side of the Continental Divide is South Park is the headwaters of the South Platte River. To the south lies the San Luis Valley, the headwaters of the Rio Grande, which drains into New Mexico. Across the Sangre de Cristo Range to the east of the San Luis Valley lies the Wet Mountain Valley. These basins, particularly the San Luis Valley, lie along the Rio Grande Rift, a major geological formation, and its branches. The Rocky Mountains within Colorado contain 51 peaks that are  or higher elevation, known as fourteeners. The mountains are timbered with Boulder and Central City on the front range, contains most of the historic gold- and silver-mining districts of Colorado.No obstante, en el ámbito penal Su Majestad el Rey puede dejar sin efecto incluso las condenas impuestas o ratificadas por el Tribunal Supremo, en ejercicio del derecho de gracia que la Constitución le reconoce, a propuesta del Consejo de Ministros. Conoce y decide los procesos de responsabilidad civil o penal contra el Presidente y los ministros del Gobierno de la Nación, los senadores y diputados de las Cortes Generales, el Presidente y los magistrados del propio Tribunal Supremo y vocales del Consejo General del Poder Judicial, el Presidente y los magistrados del Tribunal Constitucional y otros integrantes de altas instituciones del Estado y de las comunidades autónomas. Asimismo, conoce y decide los procesos de ilegalización de partidos políticos, a instancia exclusiva del Ministerio Fiscal o del Gobierno, requerido a ello por el Senado o el Congreso de los Diputados.Geoteknisk undersøkelse er de metoder som benyttes i Geoteknikk og Ingeniørgeologi. Sentrale vurderinger for fundamenterings-arbeider er bærekapasitet, setningsbevegelser og grunnbevegelser under fundamentering. Bærekapasitet er evnen til jord å stå imot belastninger som blir påført av bygninger eller strukturer. Setningsbevegelser forekommer ved all fundamentering i alle jordforhold, selv om lette belastning strukturer eller berggrunn kan utsettes for ubetydelige setningsbevegelser. For tyngre strukturer eller bløtere undergrunn kan både overall settlement relativ til ubebygde områder eller nabobygninger og differentiell settlement under en enkelt struktur være alvorlige. Av spesiell betydning er setningsbevegelser som foregår over tid, siden umiddelbar setning kan kompenseres for under bygging. Grunnbevegelse under en struktur's fundamenteringer kan forekomme på grunn av inntørking eller svelling av ekspanderende jord på grunn av klimaforandringer, frostsprengning av jord, smelting av permafrost, skråningustabilitet eller andre årsaker. Alle disse faktorer må tas med i betraktning under utforming av fundamenteringer.“Ucapan Illahi terhadap Arabia, Di belukar di Arabia kamu akan bermalam, Hai kafilah-kafilah orang Dedan! Hai penduduk tanah Tema, keluarlah,  Bawalah air kepada orang yang haus, Pergilah, sambutlah orang pelarian dengan roti! Sebab mereka melarikan diri terhadap perang…….”