Presný dátum bitky dodnes nie je jednoznačne určený. Egyptológmi najviac akceptovaný údaj je 1482 alebo 1479 pred Kr. Bitka pri Megidde skončila víťazstvom Egypta a zvyšky rozprášeného kanánskeho vojska utiekli do bezpečia hradieb mesta Megiddo. Ich prenasledovanie následne viedlo k zdĺhavému obliehaniu Megidda. bojových vozov a pechoty, ktorá mala 10 000 mužov. Armáda sa zhromaždila v hraničnej pevnosti Gaza, ktoré bolo oddané Egyptu. Po jednodňovom odpočinku pokračovala do vzdialeného mesta Karmel. Za ním ležalo mesto a pevnosť Megiddo, kde sa zhromaždili sily vzbúrencov. Sám Thutmose viedol svojich mužov do útoku na mesto Aruna. Bolo len slabo chránené a rýchly útok nepriateľských obrancov rozprášil. Jeho armáda potom pokračovala ďalej a bez odporu vstúpila do údolia. Vzbúrenci nechali veľké oddiely pechoty strážiť dve z pravdepodobnejších prístupových ciest k mestu a cestu, ktorou sa vydala faraónova armáda, nechali úplne bez ochrany. Tak získali Egypťania voľný prístup priamo k Megiddu, a veľké časti nepriateľskej armády nechali ďaleko na severe a juhu za sebou. Faraón svoju šancu rozpoznal. Vztýčil tábor a pod rúškom noci zoradil svoje sily v blízkosti nepriateľa. Nasledujúce ráno zaútočil. Vzbúrenci boli rozostavení na vyvýšenine pri pevnosti. Egyptské línie boli usporiadané do konkávnej formácie, ktorá ohrozovala obe krídla protivníka. Faraón viedol útok zo stredu. Kombinácia postavenia a počtu, spolu s včasným, odvážnym útokom, zlomili odhodlanie rebelov a ich línie sa prakticky okamžite rozpadli. Tí, ktorí boli v blízkosti mesta, utiekli za jeho hradby, kde sa následne opevnili.--> In Europe, the foundational work was a treatise due to The Method, but this treatise was lost until the early part of the twentieth century. Cavalieri's work was not well respected since his methods can lead to erroneous results, and the infinitesimal quantities he introduced were disreputable at first. The formal study of calculus combined Cavalieri's infinitesimals with the James Gregory, the latter two proving the second fundamental theorem of calculus around 1675. The Principia Mathematica. In other work, he developed series expansions for functions, including fractional and irrational powers, and it was clear that he understood the principles of the Taylor series. He did not publish all these discoveries, and at this time infinitesimal methods were still considered disreputable. These ideas were systematized into a true calculus of infinitesimals by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, who was originally accused of plagiarism by Newton. He is now regarded as an independent inventor of and contributor to calculus. His contribution was to provide a clear set of rules for manipulating infinitesimal quantities, allowing the computation of second and higher derivatives, and providing the product rule and chain rule, in their differential and integral forms. Unlike Newton, Leibniz paid a lot of attention to the formalism – he often spent days determining appropriate symbols for concepts. Leibniz and Newton are usually both credited with the invention of calculus. Newton was the first to apply calculus to general physics and Leibniz developed much of the notation used in calculus today. The basic insights that both Newton and Leibniz provided were the laws of differentiation and integration, second and higher derivatives, and the notion of an approximating polynomial series. By Newton's time, the fundamental theorem of calculus was known. While some of the ideas of calculus were developed earlier in Egypt, Greece, China, India, Iraq, Persia, and Japan, the modern use of calculus began in Europe, during the 17th century, when Isaac Newton and Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz built on the work of earlier mathematicians to introduce its basic principles. The development of calculus was built on earlier concepts of instantaneous motion and area underneath curves. Applications of differential calculus include computations involving optimization. Applications of integral calculus include computations involving work, and pressure. More advanced applications include power series and Fourier series. Calculus can be used to compute the trajectory of a shuttle docking at a space station or the amount of snow in a driveway. Calculus is also used to gain a more precise understanding of the nature of space, time, and motion. For centuries, mathematicians and philosophers wrestled with paradoxes involving motion and Zeno gave several famous examples of such paradoxes. Calculus provides tools, especially the limit and the infinite series, which resolve the paradoxes. There is more than one rigorous approach to the foundation of calculus. The usual one today is via the concept of limits defined on the continuum of proofs of the theorems of calculus as well as generalizations such as distribution theory. Calculus is usually developed by manipulating very small quantities. Historically, the first method of doing so was by infinitesimals. These are objects which can be treated like numbers but which are, in some sense, "infinitely small". An infinitesimal number dx could be greater than 0, but less than any number in the sequence 1, 1/2, 1/3, ... and less than any positive real number. Any integer multiple of an infinitesimal is still infinitely small, i.e., infinitesimals do not satisfy the Archimedean property. From this point of view, calculus is a collection of techniques for manipulating infinitesimals. This approach fell out of favor in the 19th century because it was difficult to make the notion of an infinitesimal precise. However, the concept was revived in the 20th century with the introduction of non-standard analysis and smooth infinitesimal analysis, which provided solid foundations for the manipulation of infinitesimals. In the 19th century, infinitesimals were replaced by limits. Limits describe the value of a function at a certain input in terms of its values at nearby input. They capture small-scale behavior, just like infinitesimals, but use the ordinary real number system. In this treatment, calculus is a collection of techniques for manipulating certain limits. Infinitesimals get replaced by very small numbers, and the infinitely small behavior of the function is found by taking the limiting behavior for smaller and smaller numbers. Limits are the easiest way to provide rigorous foundations for calculus, and for this reason they are the standard approach.