Where others might have been tempted to use this skill as a passport to social advancement, Zapata did not. Though a man of limited formal education, Zapata had a strong and well-developed political consciousness. Members of his family had fought against Spain in the Independence War and on the Liberal side in the in the War of Reform and against the French Intervention. As a young boy, Emiliano devoured stories told by older family members of their campaigns against the Reactionaries and the Imperialists. Knowing that Zapata would never sell them out, citizens of his home town of Anenecuilco elected him president of a council to defend their interests in September 1909, the year preceding the Revolution. So Zapata was no stranger to ideological commitment, however shaky may have been his knowledge of Hegel and Voltaire. Though he enthusiastically joined Francisco Madero's rebellion against the old dictator Porfirio Diaz, by late fall of 1911, Zapata was completely disillusioned by what he saw as Madero's footdragging on land reform. On November 27 of that year he published the Plan de Ayala, still considered the most radical reform program in Mexican history. Written by a village schoolteacher named Otilio Montafio, it is described by historian and Zapata biographer John Womack as "garbled and rambling, without a hint of metropolitan grace." Wordy, repetitious and full of misspellings, it was considered a joke by Zapata's more sophisticated enemies in Mexico City. So much so that Madero gave Enrique Bonilla, editor of Mexico City's Diario del Hogar, enthusiastic permission to print the Plan. "Yes," said Madero, "publish it so everybody will know how crazy Zapata is." This was a grave error. For all its stylistic defects, the Zapata-Montafio document contained provisions mandating a degree of social change that had never appeared in any other Mexican manifesto. Among other radical measures, the Plan de Ayala called for not only restoration to pueblos of lands they had lost through illegal expropriation but also for classification of landlords who opposed the Zapatista movement as "monopolises" whose property could be seized. Equally unprecedented were proposals for pensions to widows and orphans of those killed in the revolution and a provision that foes of Zapata under arms be classified not as war prisoners but as "traitors" subject to the death penalty. In that late spring of 1914, Huerta's days were numbered. Revolutionary forces under Venustiano Carranza, Alvaro Obregón and Pancho Villa were steadily advancing on Mexico City from the north. In June Huerta's forces would suffer the shattering defeat at Zacatecas that triggered his July 20 flight into exile. In a desperate attempt to break up any potential focus of resistance in the capital, Huerta closed down the House of the World Worker in May. The House was a hotbed of radical activity and many of its members belonged to that previously mentioned group of left-wing urban intellectuals.กระดาษอิเล็กทรอนิกส์นั้นมีการพัฒนาขึ้นมาเพื่อเอาชนะข้อจำกัดของจอมอนิเตอร์สำหรับคอมพิวเตอร์ ตัวอย่างเช่น การใช้แสงแบคไลต์ของมอนิเตอร์นั้นทำให้สายตาของมนุษย์ล้า ขณะที่กระดาษอิเล็กทรอนิกส์นั้นสะท้อนแสงคล้ายกระดาษปกติ ทำให้อ่านเมื่อวางเป็นมุมเอียงได้ง่ายกว่าอ่านจอคอมพิวเตอร์ นอกจากนี้ยังมีน้ำหนักเบา ทนทาน และโค้งงอได้มากกว่า เมื่อเทียบกับเทคโนโลยีจอแสดงผลแบบอื่นๆ แม้จะไม่สามารถโค้งงอหรือยับได้เหมือนกระดาษก็ตาม การประยุกต์ใช้งานในอนาคตนั้นคาดว่าจะมีหนังสือที่ใช้กระดาษอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ ซึ่งสามารถเป็นรุ่นเก็บข้อมูลดิจิตอลจากหนังสือต่างๆ มากมาย โดยมีหนังสือเพียงเล่มเดียวที่แสดงผลหน้าต่างๆ พร้อมกัน โปสเตอร์อิเล็กทรอนิกส์ และโฆษณาอื่นๆ ในร้านค้านั้นได้มีการสาธิตอยู่บ้างแล้ว สำหรับกระดาษอิเล็กทรอนิกส์นั้นไม่เหมือนกับกระดาษดิจิตอล เพราะกระดาษดิจิตอลนั้น เป็นกระดาษที่มีรูปแบบลวดลายอย่างหนึ่ง ต้องใช้กับปากกาดิจิตอล เพื่อสร้างเอกสารลายมือแบบดิจิตอล รูปแบบของจุดที่พิมพ์นั้นจะบ่งบอกโคออดิเนตที่ชัดเจนบนกระดาษ สำหรับปากกาดิจิตอลที่ใช้จะเก็บลายมือเอาไว้ และโหลดเข้าไปยังคอมพิวเตอร์