U fiziologiji oka, adaptacija je sposobnost oka da se prilagodi različitim razinama tame i svjetlosti. Ljudsko oko može funkcionirati od jako tamnih do jako svijetlih razina svjetlosti. Njegove senzorne sposobnosti dosežu devet redova magnitude. To znači da je udaljenost između  najsvjetlijeg i najtamnijeg svjetlosnog signala faktor od približno tisuću milijuna. Usprkos tome, u svakom trenutku, oko može percipirati samo razliku od jedne tisuće. Ono što onemogućuje veći raspon je to da oko adaptira svoj pojam o tome što je crno. Razina svjetlosti koja se interpretira kao „crno“ može se protezati preko šest redova magnitude - faktor od jednog milijuna.Paul Luebke is a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly, representing the 30th House District, which includes constituents in Durham County.  A professor of Sociology at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro, Luebke is serving his ninth term in the state House of Representatives. Luebke is the Senior Chairman of the House Finance Committee, and as such plays a major part in budget negotiations. He is also chairman of the House Select Committee on Municipal Annexation and Vice-Chairman of the Election Law and Campaign Finance Reform and Rules, Calendar, and Operations of the House committees. It is also worth noting that he is a member of the Energy and Energy Efficiency committee and the Evironmental and Natural Resources committee Luebke was re-elected to the 30th House district in the 2004 General Assembly election, defeating Libertarian Sean Haugh in the November general election.Киевский митрополит, за единичными исключениями, назначался в Константинополе совместным указом императора и Константинопольского патриарха. Епископы в удельных княжествах пользовались значительною автономией от Киевского митрополита. В Новгорода, Суздаля. В Луку Хризоверга учредить митрополию во Владимире, однако получил отказ.﻿రాజీవ్ గాంధీ ఖేల్ రత్న పురస్కారం భారత దేశం నందు అత్యున్నతమైన క్రీడా పురస్కారం. భారత మాజీ ప్రధాని కీ.శే. రాజీవ్ గాంధీ ఙ్నాపకార్ధం 1991-92 లో ఈ పురస్కారం ప్రారంభింపబడింది. ఒక ప్రశంసాపత్రము, ఒక పతకము మరియు నగదు బహుమతి ఈ పురస్కారము నందలి భాగాలు.পোল্যান্ড মধ্য ইউরোপের একটি দেশ, যা জার্মানির পূর্বে অবস্থিত। সাধারণভাবে পোল্যান্ড উত্তরে বাল্টিক সাগর থেকে শুরু হওয়া একটি ধারাবাহিক সমভূমি যা দক্ষিণে কার্পেথীয় পর্বতমালা পর্যন্ত বিস্তৃত। বাল্টিক সাগরের উপকূলে প্রাকৃতিক পোতাশ্রয়ের সংখ্যা খুব কম। কেবল গদান্স্‌ক-গদিনিয়া -সোপোত অঞ্চল এবং উত্তর-পশ্চিম কোণার শ্চেচিন অঞ্চলে প্রাকৃতিক পোতাশ্রয় রয়েছে। উত্তর-পূর্ব পোল্যান্ড অঞ্চলটি হ্রদ জেলা নামে পরিচিত। জনবিরল ও গহীন অরণ্যে আবৃত এই অঞ্চলে কৃষি ও শিল্প সম্পদের পরিমাণ কম। হ্রদ জেলার দক্ষিণ ও পশ্চিমে এক বিরাট সমভূমি দক্ষিণ-পশ্চিমে চেক প্রজাতন্ত্রের ও স্লোভাকিয়ার সীমান্তে সুডেটীয় পর্বতমালা পর্যন্ত, এবং দক্ষিণ-পূর্বে কার্পেথীয় পর্বতমালা পর্যন্ত চলে গেছে।