Vajasiškio Švento Jono Krikštytojo parapija priklauso Zarasų dekanatui, Panevėžio vyskupijai. Antras kunigas Ciprijonas Jarovslavskis, kuriam koliatorius davė dvi dešimtines akmenuotos žemės, bet jau maitinti jį atsisakė. Vajasiškyje C. Jaroslavskis išbuvo nuo  1856 iki 1862 m. 1863 m., dingus fermos savininkui, ją paėmė rusų valdžia ir per liustraciją išdalino valstiečiams. Liustratorius prie dviejų pono duotųjų dešimtinių pridėjo trečią prieš kunigo C. Jarovslavkio norą, nes jis nemėgo šio bažnytkaimio ir nuolat dėjo pastangas išsikelti. medinę bažnyčią.  Šv. Jono Krikštytojo garbei.Легкий крейсер "Адмірал Істомін" будувався разом з іншими крейсерами "Адмірал Корнілов", "Адмірал Лазарєв" відповідно до «посиленої» суднобудівельної програми на 1912-1916 роки, а згодом до програми прийнятої у червні 1916 року. Ці кораблі відносились до крейсерів класу «Світлана». 15 липня 1915 року внесений до реєстру кораблів Чорноморського флоту. Протягом 1915-1917 років на Миколаївсьому заводі проводились всі необхідні роботи по будівництву крейсера. Після Лютневої революції роботи по добудові корабля дещо призупинились, але продовжувались . До кінця 1917 року крейсер був готовий до спуску на воду.После оригиналот од 1963. година со Питер Селерс во улога на глупавиот инспектор Клусо, Пинк Пантер набргу стекна статус како еден од култните филмови на 20от век. Од тогаш поминаа многу години, но изгледа дека забавната приказна во потрага по фамозните дијаманти и понатаму му е интересна на филмаџиите и публиката. Но, еден од најтешките задачи на продуцентскиот тим им беше да пронајдат достојна замена за легендарниот Селерс. Изборот падна на познатиот комичар, Стив Мартин, кој својот талент за хумор го докажал безброј пати. Но сепак и покрај неверојатниата смисла за хумор на Стив Мартин, сите потврдуваат дека никој не може да го замени хуморот на Питер Селерс.After a brief rest in December 1958, Waccamaw returned to her assigned mission by fueling Destroyer Flotilla 2 in January 1959 and then proceeded south to the Virgin Islands where she remained until the end of March. After completing refresher training at Guantanamo Bay, the ship returned to 6th Fleet in the Mediterranean. During this deployment, Waccamaw was the first naval ship to visit the newly independent country of Cyprus. On 25 February 1961, she returned to Newport for a leave and upkeep period. The spring months of 1961 were spent supporting the 2nd Fleet and conducting a sixth midshipman cruise. During August, Waccamaw underwent a much-needed tender availability, and a one-day dependents' cruise was fitted into her busy September schedule. In October, Waccamaw supported the newly created antisubmarine warfare group operating in the eastern Atlantic. She arrived back in the United States just in time for Christmas after an 11,800-mile cruise. Waccamaw then commenced preparations for overhaul at the Bethlehem Steel Shipyard in Hoboken, New Jersey. Completing overhaul in April 1962, the ship sailed for refresher training at Guantanamo Bay. Waccamaw spent most of the fall in Newport, with scattered brief commitments and type training periods underway. Much time was devoted to the administrative inspection for fiscal 1964 which was held in November. At the year's end, preparations were hard underway on board Waccamaw for the most extensive yard period in the ship's 17-year history. She was scheduled to enter the Puget Sound Bridge and Dry-dock Co. in Seattle, Washington on 29 February 1964.Echipa se află sub tutela Universităţii Tehnice "Gheorghe Asachi" din Iaşi. În anul următor, însă, echipa Clubului Sportiv Muncitoresc Studentesc ciştigă seria şi promovează în primul eşalon fotbalistic. Meritul promovării revine antrenorilor I. Unguroiu şi M. Manolescu, precum şi jucătorilor care au alcatuit formaţia de baza în anul competiţional Divizia B. Revenită în prima divizie, Politehnica Iaşi ocupă locul 10 în Divizia B, reuşind promovarea în sezonul Divizia A unde alternează rezultatele bune cu cele slabe şi în cele din urmă retrogradează în Divizia B.