돌격소총으로써의 StG44는 휴대에도 문제가 없었으며, 근접전에서의 유효사거리는 300m로써 충분했다. 기관단총은 200m이니 StG44는 원거리에선 보다 고정밀도의 사격도 가능해졌다. 그러나 표준의 소총의 500m 이상의 장거리에서는 사정거리도 위력도 약했으나 실전에 투입된 상당수는 시가전 등 근거리에서의 전투나 삼림 지대에서의 전투였으므로 그다지 문제는 되지 않았다. 그리고 탄속은 650m/sec, 분당 발사속도는 600발로써 화력 또한 강했다. 탄환도 7.92x33k로 소총탄 보단 약하고 권총탄 보단 강해 근접전에선 더욱 유용했다. 이 돌격소총이란 신 개념은 1차 대전처럼 사거리 1천 미터 정도의 거리를 두고 싸울 이유가 전혀 없는 새로운 전장 환경에 적응한 산물이다. 2차대전 말엽에 등장한 이 StG44 덕분에 2차대전 끝나고 지금까지 전 세계의 모든 국가들은 돌격소총 이란 개념을 받아들였고, 아직까지 그 개념은 깨지지 않고 면면히 흘러내려와 지금의 상황에 이르렀다는 것이다. 게다가 1945년 말 독일의 패전이 코앞까지 다가왔을 때 미군, 소련은 당시 독일 기술자 영입에 집중하게 된다. 이러한 상황에서 독일 총기 공장지역이 소련군에게 점령되고 두 천재적인 총기 기술자들이 소련군에게 체포된다. MP40와 StG44를 개발한 Hugo Schmeisser와 MG42기관총을 개발한 Werner Gruner이다. 또한 이들은 Kalashnikov 지휘 하에 배치됬고 소련군의 개인화기 개발을 가속화 시킨 것이다.Cocktail Time is a Herbert Jenkins, London and in the United States on July 24, 1958 by Simon & Schuster, Inc., New York. It stars Frederick Twistleton, Earl of Ickenham, better known as Uncle Fred. The story begins when Uncle Fred knocks off Sir Raymond Bastable’s top hat with a Brazil nut fired through the window of the Drones Club from a catapult. Sir Raymond naturally assumes that the culprit was a young Drone, but is unsure how to respond. A letter to the Times would open him to ridicule, especially as he is about to stand for Parliament. Uncle Fred suggests writing a novel exposing the iniquities of the younger generation. The eventual novel, “Cocktail Time”, which Bastable publishes under a pseudonym, becomes a succès de scandale after being condemned by a bishop. Afraid of being unmasked as the author, Bastable allows his ne’er-do-well nephew Cosmo Wisdom to take the credit, and the royalties, of the book. But, with his friend Gordon “Oily” Carlisle, and Oily’s wife Gertie, Cosmo plots to blackmail Sir Raymond, and to this end writes a letter revealing the true author of “Cocktail Time”. Much of the rest of the book is concerned with various characters’ attempts to get hold of the letter. The action moves to Dovetail Hammer, Berks, where Uncle Fred is staying with his godson Johnny Pearce. Johnny is in love with Belinda Farringdon, but needs £500 in order to marry her. Uncle Fred resolves to help, but for the time being is more concerned with retrieving the letter. It so happens that Sir Raymond Bastable is also living in Dovetail Hammer, with his sister Phoebe Wisdom, Cosmo’s mother, and Sir Raymond’s butler, Albert Peasemarch, as tenants of Johnny Pearce. Albert is secretly in love with Phoebe.