Для опрацювання статуту Товариства був створений комітет із представників академічної молоді, а також із таких діячів, як доктор Львові першого загального збору. Його організація була доручена конституційному комітетові на чолі з професором академічної гімназії Анатолем Вахнянином. Загальний збір був скликаний вул. Лисенка). На збір прибуло 65 представників, лише один із них, отець Йосип Заячківський, не був мешканцем Львова. Загальний збір «Просвіти» отримав привітання від українських народовських громад Бережан, Тернополя, Перемишля, Станіславова і «Січ» і «Основа» у Відні. Вітальні телеграми надійшли з Чехії, Сербії та Словаччини. Тим часом москвофільське «Слово» назвало Товариство «польською інтригою». Щоб роз'яснити мету Товариства, його виділ звернувся 11 лютого 1869 року зі спеціальною відозвою до народу. У ній указувалося, що «поза школою не знаходить українська дитина ніякого духовного корму, через котрий самосвідомість, моральність і добробут у народі могли би чимраз більше розвиватися». Товариство працювало у складних умовах. Воно не мало приміщення, а тому наради і засідання проводили вдома у К. Сушкевича або А. Вахнянина. Плідно працювала просвітницька секція, шо розпочала видавати для народу популярні книжечки і готувати підручники для єдиної української гімназії. Редактором популярних видань став письменник Юрій Федькович. Товариство домовилося про книгообмін з польськими та чеськими освітніми товариствами. 26 травня 1870 року відбувся другий загальний збір Товариства. І знову довелося просити приміщення у польської «Стрільниці». Збір визначив нові принципи роботи «Просвіти».Wittgensteinil on olnud suur mõju loogilisele positivismile ning analüütilisele ja postanalüütilisele filosoofiale. Teda peetakse üheks 20. sajandi tähtsamaks filosoofiks. Wittgensteini muusikaanne oli märkimisväärne. Noorena mängis ta klarnetit ning ta oskas klassikalist muusikat vilistada, tehes seda sageli peast. Kord harjutas üks tuntud keelpillikvartett ühes kodus, kus Wittgenstein oli kuulajate hulgas. Algul oli Wittgenstein väga reserveeritud ning tegi esituse kohta mõned tagasihoidlikud märkused, kuid hakkas varsti kirglikult proovi sekkuma. Muusikud olid algul põlglikud, kuid hiljem kuulasid tema nõuandeid aupaklikult. Pärast inseneridiplomi saamist jätkas Wittgenstein 1908 õpinguid doktoriõppes patendi. Russelli sõnul teadis Wittgenstein varsti kõike, mis tal õpetada oli. Tutvus Wittgensteiniga olevat olnud üks põnevamaid intellektuaalseid seiklusi tema elus. Ta hindas Wittgensteini erakordset tulisust, taibukust ja intellektuaalset puhtust.Sipowicz and Clark go to arrest a shooting suspect and Sipowicz ends up pushing a woman down to the floor. Medavoy and Jones catch an older woman who has been severely beaten and bound with tape. The investigation leads them to a high school student caught using the woman's credit card, and a friend of Clark's shows up at the 15th to tell Clark his name has popped up in the investigation of a murdered prostitute. Sipowicz and Clark's suspect, Lyle, tells them the woman belonged to Money T, a violent smack dealer, and that Money T will come after Sipowicz.  IAB shows up to interview Clark about his involvement with the murdered prostitute. Clark insists she was an unregistered confidential informant, but that doesn't look good for Clark, especially when he's told that he may be looked at for her murder. Clark immediately rushes out to meet his father, who he is covering for. Sipowicz and Clark run a game on Lyle, to get him to give up Money T. Lyle gives them a location where they could find Money T, but when they raid the place, they turn up just a couple of dealers and a small amount of dope. When they return to the station, Clark tells Sipowicz he's protecting his father. As they leave their car, shots ring out, and an innocent bystander is killed. Sipowicz goes to tune up Lyle, but is stopped by Clark. The two almost come to blows when Lieutenant Rodriguez enters and calms things down. Sipowicz and Clark go at Lyle, who gives up the fortress Money T hides out in. Medavoy and Jones bring in a kid named Joseph as a suspect in the beating of the old lady. During questioning, Baldwin finds an address to another lady. They go to question the lady about Joseph, but find her, too, bound and beaten. Sipowicz, Clark, McDowell and Ortiz lead the raid on Money T's place, and catch him — along with 14 million. Money T is brought up on Federal drug charges, and Lyle is put into witness protection. Joseph confesses to beating both old women. Back at his apartment, Clark tells Ortiz he is protecting his father, but she tries to talk him out of it, and ends up leaving, angry. McDowell arrives at Sipowicz's apartment, asking if she can stay the night. They ask Theo if it is OK, and he says yes. Sipowicz and McDowell smile at each other as Theo gets ready for bed.নতুন ভাইরাসগুলো নির্গত হয়ে আশে পাশে যেই সব কোষের গায়ে সায়ালিক এসিড রিসেপ্টর পায় সেগুলোকে আবার আক্রমন করে এবং একই প্রক্রিয়ার পুনরাবৃত্তি হয়।Bürcəliyev Məmməd İsmayıl oğlu - aktyor.