Nouhad was a shy child and did not have many friends at school. However, she was greatly attached to her grandmother who lived in 'Debbieh', a village in the mountains of Lebanon, where Nouhad used to spend the summer. Nouhad adored the simple village life. During the day, she helped her grandmother with house chores and fetched fresh water from a nearby water spring. She used to sing all the way to the spring and back. In the evening, Nouhad used to sit by the candle light with her grandmother who used to tell her stories from her voyage to the United States.    By the age of ten, Nouhad was already well known at her school for her beautiful voice. She would regularly sing during school festivals and holidays. This is how she came to the attention of Mohammed Fleifel, a well known Lebanese musician and teacher at the Lebanese Conservatory, who happened to attend one of the school's celebrations in February 1950. He was greatly impressed by her voice and performance and advised her to enroll in the conservatory, which she did. At first, Nouhad's conservative father was reluctant to send his daughter to the conservatory, however, he allowed Nouhad to attend classes at the conservatory on one condition, that her brother accompanied her. Nouhad's family encouraged her even though they could not afford much, and one day her father surprised her with a radio. Fairuz's first large-scale concert took place in 1957  as part of the Baalbeck International Festival, sponsored by Lebanese president Camille Chamoun. Musical operettas and sold-out concerts followed for years, establishing Fairuz as the one of the Arab world's most popular singers. Joseph Harb gave Fairuz some of his best lyrics/poems while Philemon Wehbe offered her timeless purely oriental music cherished by the masses. Ziad, on the other hand, offered Fairuz very original jazz-tinted songs. These plays are ample proof of Fairuz's outstanding talent as a singer and actress. The Rahbani plays expressed patriotism, love and nostalgia for village life, comedy, drama, philosophy, and contemporary politics thereby embodying the very soul of Lebanon. The songs performed by Fairuz as part of the plays have become immensely popular among the Lebanese and Arabs around the world. Around 85 Fairuz CDs and cassettes have been officially released so far. Most of the songs that are featured on these albums were composed by the Rahbani brothers. Also featured are songs by Philemon Wehbe, Ziad Rahbani, Zaki Nassif, Mohamed Abd El Wahab, Najib Hankash and Mohamed Mohsen. Other television programmes have been recorded for the Syrian TV, though neither these nor the ones mentionned above are released for sale.