עם זאת, ה"רגשות הטובים" היו מלווים גם במחלוקת עזה. בקשתה של טריטוריית איחוד כמדינה שבה הקונגרס. לבסוף התקבלה פשרה ולפיה התקבלה מיזורי כמדינה שבה העבדות מותרת, מיין כמדינה שבה העבדות אסורה, ובנוסף נאסרה העבדות בכל הטריטוריות שמצפון וממערב למיזורי. פעולתו המפורסמת ביותר של מונרו כנשיא היא אירופאי, וממעורבות אירופאית בעניינם של המדינות בה. בנוסף, ארצות הברית צריכה לשאוף לנייטרליות בסכסוכים בין המעצמות האירופאיות, או בינן לבין הקולוניות שלהן, אבל להחשיב כל קולוניה חדשה באמריקה, או התערבות בענייניה של מדינה באמריקה, כאקט של עוינות כלפי ארצות הברית. למרות זאת, מונרו לא הכיר באופן רשמי ברפובליקות האחיות החדשות באמריקה עד 1822, אחרי שווידא שהקונגרס יקצה את ההקצבה הדרושה למשימות דיפלומטיות. הוא ומזכיר המדינה ג'ון קווינסי אדמס ביקשו להימנע מסכסוך עם ספרד עד שתוותר על פלורידה, כפי שאכן עשתה ב-1821.共和历三年师范学校是法兰西共和历三年由国民公会设立，旨在为法国培养教师、普及教育的一系列课程。这些课程从共和历三年雨月1日（公元1795年1月20日）至花月30日（公元1975年5月19日），共持续了4个月。 共和历三年师范学校被视为巴黎高等师范学校以及法国师范大学校的前身。 共和历三年师范学校是根据共和历三年雾月9日国民公会的法令建立的：= March 28 = Hi I'm not sure how to respond to this. Can I ask him to give me permisson to use it just for Wikipedia? How do I do that "Hi Chris Thank you for your reply, and for expressing your concerns. If you were to give us permission to use the image in question under the terms of the GFDL, you would be giving anyone else permission to use it, but only under the terms of the GFDL. If someone were to reuse this image, but not reproduce the credit, they would be violating the terms, and hence would be required to discontinue use, or reporduce the credit. Regards, Gary" I've been looking, without much success, for articles purely about the history and etymology of names, and examples of people from history who had that name? I suspect that most of them have been moved to the name etymology parts of Wiktionary, but I would have thought some might be encyclopedic enough to have remained. Can anyone point me towards any such articles? What guarantees that Wikipedia will continue to be free ? I am afraid that it will be not free after a while ? I remember there was a site called askme.com and it was free , after a while it was paid service ! Hi! I'm a relatively new WikiGnome and Recent Changes Patroller. Sometimes, when folks are vandalizing WikiPages, they'll vandalize warnings right off their talk pages, too. Is it bad form to revert their talk pages? Also, if a vandal vandalizes warnings that I leave for them, they're kind of making it a personal thing, it seems. Should I refrain from reverting the talk page, and let somebody else do it, to avoid the appearance of a personal dispute? Thank you for your guidance! March 28, 2006 Dear Wikipedia, Shanghai Shuk  Mau Se Tung I am not even sure that the spelling of these names is correct and I have looked everywhere for info about them with, of course, no luck. If there is anything you can do to help me please tell me soon! If you can't, I will still be happy you helped me. I will be forever grateful if you can! Thanks alot! Name Withheld My M. Ed. paper is a long article on "Ways of Knowing." It covers epistemology, perception, learning styles, learning preferences and is completely mine. How can I post it to Wikipedia? 1- How can I know the total posts / modifications of a person even me ? 2- Do the admins are selected from their posts ? 3- Should I erase the questions and the answers ? What about the discussions should I erase them after completing ? what of my discussion ? Thanks When we will have this feature ? what you see is what you get ? I don't know how to do many stuff here ! 1- What Database wikipedia is using ? 2- How huge it is ? 3- Does it have limits ? Do wikipedia have any cooporation with other IT companies like micrsoft , google etc ? HiGasolin' var en dansk rockgruppe, der blev dannet i 1969 og eksisterede ni år frem. Gruppen bestod af Wili Jønsson, Franz Beckerlee, Bjørn Uglebjerg - senere erstattet af Søren Berlev - og Kim Larsen som forsanger. Deres produktion tæller rock-klassikere som "Det var Inga, Katinka og Smukke Charlie på sin Harley", "Kvinde Min", "Rabalderstræde", "Masser af Succes", "This is My Life" og "Strengelegen". Musikalsk lænede Gasolin' sig op ad samtidens internationale rocklyd, mens deres tekster var særpræget danske. Teksterne var ofte humoristiske og satiriske, og kunne næsten minde om revyviser – tilsat melodiøs og karakteristisk rockmusik. Lige som revyteksterne, kunne Gasolin's numre være politiske og samfundskritiske, men de blev altid leveret med en særlig lune. Den revyagtige stil kan bl.a. tilskrives, at Gasolin' fik hjælp af Mogens Mogensen til nogle af deres tekster. Gasolin's danske succes toppede i 1976, hvor de bl.a. fyldte Idrætsparken til en koncert med Bonnie Raitt som opvarmning. Gasolin' kunne nærmest ikke blive større, og rettede derfor blikket mod USA i foråret 1977. Men den amerikanske afdeling af CBS var ikke interesseret i at lancere det danske band i USA, og planerne blev aldrig til noget.