After numerous manipulations, Kristen wound up marrying André believing he was Tony, but it wasn't long before she and John became lovers again, which was only helped by André having gone temporarily blind. Kristen eventually left André and prepared to have a future with John when the two learned he was a Catholic priest. Kristen could not come between John and his vows and returned to André, but when John was released from his vows, Kristen decided to petition the Church for an annulment so that her marriage to John would be recognised by the Church. Kristen and John were preparing for their future together when they, and many other Salemnites, traveled to Aremid. André staged his own death, framing John in the process. John was sentenced to death, with Kristen believing he did it. When John was exonerated, Kristen was relieved, even though she hadn't trusted him. Shortly after John was exonerated, Kristen discovered a letter he wrote vowing his love to Marlena, and also discovered that the mysterious Woman in White was actually Rachel Blake, the mother she believed had died years earlier. She also learned that she was pregnant. Marlena agreed to stay away from John because Kristen's pregnancy was very delicate, and Kristen began to scheme to keep John and Marlena apart, even joining forces with Stefano in the hopes that he could get Marlena out of the picture permanently. Stefano held Marlena captive, and after John helped in her rescue, Kristen lost her baby, but convinced the doctor to keep quiet. Stefano, to help her, found Susan Banks, a pregnant Kristen-look-a-like, and arranged for Kristen to adopt her unborn child when it was born. The baby, named John Black Jr., was born and handed over to Kristen and John. Once Marlena realised the truth about Susan, who Kristen had to claim was a nanny to cover up when John caught them together, she arranged to have Marlena held hostage in a secret room. Kristen wound up in the secret room with Marlena after Susan turned the tables on her, but luckily the two were rescued after Laura Horton forced Susan, who was about to marry John, to admit everything. Susan got her son back, and Kristen was arrested, but soon released on bail. John and Marlena began moving on with their lives together, so in a last ditch effort to keep them apart, Kristen located a dying Roman. Because Roman could not handle any stress, John had to pretend to be married to Kristen while Marlena pretended that Roman was the man she wanted. She attempted to get close to the baby, whom Susan had rechristened Elvis, but her plans failed, and Stefano turned his back on her. John and Marlena later got Susan and her son out of the country. Kristen then kidnapped Susan's sister, Sister Mary Moira, and used that to bring Susan to town. When Susan didn't bring the baby, she sold her to an island harem. She had to pretend to be Susan when her boyfriend, Edmund, and his mother showed up in Salem, and even married him during her pretending. She had no choice by then, as Salem assumed that Kristen had died -- a body that looked a lot like hers was found in a swimming pool.Crăiasa zânelor este o poezie scrisă de George Coşbuc. "Orcanul însuşi stă domol Şi-n gânduri dulci se pierde, Când zânele cu pieptul gol Răsar pe lunca verde. Uşoare, ca de neguri, fug Prin liniştea adâncă, Obrajii lor, ca flori de rug, Sunt nesărutaţi încă. Vezi tu departe-n Răsărit Aprins lucind ca focul Palatul lor? Împrejmuit Acolo ele-n veci nu mor Şi vara-n veci nu moare, Iar ele-şi au crăiasa lor Şi toate sunt fecioare. La ţara lor nici zmei n-ajung! Dar într-o zi, la poartă, Bătu, de drumul greu şi lung, Slăbită şi mai moartă, O fată de-mpărat, cerând Un loc de pas, sărmana, Şi se ruga milos de blând, - "Şi cum te cheamă? - "Ana. Acest drept al meu nu e. Crăiasei noastre am să-i spui Să vie să-ţi descuie. P-un nor de aur lunecând A zânelor crăiasă Venea cu părul râurând, Râu galben de mătasă. Crăiasa-n purpur şi-n smarald S-ascunde, nu s-ascunde, Străbaţi cu ochii viul cald Al formelor rotunde. Ard flacări ochii ei crăieşti - "Descui. Dar eu mă tem că eşti Şi dându-i zânele-adăpost Trăia cu ele soră. Dar într-o zi a fost ce-a fost Că nu s-a dus la horă Şi-având inel, ea se juca Pe-acolo doamna se plimba Şi-a dat de Ana-n cale. - "Ce ai tu, Ano?" - "Uite ce-i! Crăiasa schimbă feţe, Că n-a văzut în viaţa ei Inel, şi ce mândreţe! Din piatra tronului din rai Cioplit în flori măiestre, El singur unui fiu de crai D-ajuns i-ar fi fost zestre. - "Şi cum îi zici?" - "Inel îi zic! Pe degetul suleget Al zânei pus, pe cel mai mic, Crescut părea pe deget. - "O, dă-mi-l mie!" drăgălaş Se roagă ea-mbătată. - "Ţi-l dau, stăpâno, de mă laşi Să te cuprind o dată! Crăiasa-n veselia ei - "Mă strângi la piept, şi-atâta ce-i? Şi pieptul Anei creşte, Şi cum întinde braţul drept Mai viu îi bate pieptul Şi tremură, strângând la piept Pe doamnă-sa cu dreptul. - "Atâta ce-i?" - "Dar m-a durut! Să nu pui mâna stângă! Şi-n urmă zâna s-a zbătut Că prea mult vrea s-o strângă.