알바니아, 마케도니아 공화국, 불가리아와 북쪽 국경을 맞대고 있으며, 동쪽에는 터키가 있다. 그리스 본토의 동쪽과 남쪽으로는 에게 해가 있으며, 서쪽은 이오니아 해이다. 지중해 동부에 면한 해안에는 수많은 섬과 바위가 산재한다. 현대 그리스는 고대 그리스 문명에 뿌리를 두고 있다. 이 땅은 민주주의와 서양 철학, 올림픽, 서양 문학, 역사학, 정치학, 수많은 과학적ㆍ수학적 원리, 희극이나 비극같은 서양 희곡 발상지이다. 고대 그리스의 문명은 크레테 문명과 그 뒤를 이은 뮈케나이 문명에서 시작되었다. 도리아 인의 침입으로 인한 암흑 시대를 거친 이후 아테나이, 스파르타 등 일종의 '도시국가'인 폴리스가 형성되었다. 대표적인 폴리스 중 하나인 아테네는 정치적으로는 민주 정치를 발전시켰으며 경제적으로는 상업과 해상무역에 주력했다. 또 다른 대표적인 폴리스 스파르타는 군국주의적 정치 체제를 취했으며 상업보다는 농업에 치중했다. 아테네와 스파르타가 세계사의 전면에 등장한 것은 페르시아의 세 차례 공격을 모두 막아낸 뒤 전쟁 승리의 주역인 아테네는 마케도니아에게 정복당하였다. 마케도니아의 알렉산드로스 대왕은 그리스 폴리스들을 완전히 진압한 뒤 페르시아 원정에 착수하여 페르시아를 정복하고 인더스 강까지 진출했다. 하지만 알렉산드로스 제국은 알렉산드로스가 32세의 젊은 나이로 사망한 뒤 분열되고 말았다. 이후 휘하 장군들이 세운 왕조들은 모두 로마 제국에 편입되었다. 그 후 비잔티움 제국이 그리스를 통치하였다. 마케도니아 및 이피로스, 1913년 크리티 섬을 병합하여 영토를 확장하게 된다. 1877년, 그리스의 경제 기반이 크게 발전하는 데 공헌한 그리스 정계의 거물 하릴라오스 트리쿠피스는 왕권을 억누르고 의회에 간섭하여, 장래 총리에 대해 신임 투표를 하는 법을 만들었다.Bakgrunden var att regeringen Staaff drog ner anslagen till försvaret, bland annat gick de emot beslutet om byggandet av regeringen Lindman, och riksdagen hade fattat. I november 1913 hade tanken på en stor uppvaktning till kungen tagit form för att på så vis visa att Sveriges bönder stod bakom kungen i dennes strävan att bygga ut armén och flottan. De första planerna började diskuteras mellan godsägaren Uno Nyberg och direktör J. Möllersvärd i Uppsala. Möllersvärd tog kontakt med grosshandlaren J.E. Frykberg och resultatet blev ett första möte den 15 december med 35 lantmän från Uppland för att diskutera uppvaktningen. Ett nytt möte kom till stånd några dagar senare, den 20 december 1913, där 361 lantmän samlades och beslutade att denna uppvaktning skulle kallas "Bondetåget 1914". Sven Hedin hade gjort sig känd som en försvarsvän som i föredrag och talarturnéer förespråkade en ökad satsning på försvaret. Han hade kontakt med Frykberg och kände till planerna på en uppvaktning utan att dock vara inblandad i det organisatoriska arbetet. Hedin diskuterade ofta försvarsfrågor med löjtnant Carl Bennedich och började i slutet av januari 1914 diskutera hur kungen med ett tal borde besvara denna uppvaktning. En natt omkring den 22 januari skrev de ned ett förslag.Throughout its lifespan, The Brian Conley Show introduced trademark sketch characters. The most famous probably being a spoof children's in-vision continuity presenter, Nick Frisbee, and his puppet sidekick, Larry The Loafer, a mock on the BBC Saturday morning show Going Live's puppet Gordon the Gopher. Nick wasn't suited for children's television presenting, most notably for the constant pain he caused Larry by hitting him with a club, leaving Larry shaking and squeaking in pain. When the audience "aww"ed, Nick would reply "It's A Puppet!", which became Conley's catchphrase, even when out of character. The sketch usually opened with the music to Pop Goes The Weasel and Nick introducing himself, and Larry. Nick and Larry originally appeared in "This Way Up", though the set was very different, and Nick had longer hair. The club wasn't introduced until Series Three, before Brian relied on various other accessories, including a megaphone. Another character of Conley's was his dangerous alter-ego, "Dangerous Brian" Conley. The mock gladiator would wear an all silver suit with blue swimming cap-like headwear. He also wore fake ears in which when he mentions himself being  dangerous, a close-up shot would see him pulling random faces quickly with his ears wiggling. In the first two series, his "stunts" were performed on stage. After series three, all sketches were filmed on location, allowing Conley to perform more outrageous stunts. Examples of these stunts include holding back two buses, when they were actually put in reverse and squashed him, knocking at a vampire's house which turns out to be Lionel Blair looking after the house, and climbing Nelson's Column. From the second series, Gladiators commentator John Sachs usually reported the stunts taking place.Au début des années 1950, la famille Black résidait au Lauderdale Courts, un complexe d'habitations à Memphis. Plusieurs enfants de la famille Black firent leurs études à l'école Humes High School, la même école où Elvis Presley reçut son diplôme. D'ailleurs, Ken R. Black, le plus jeune de la famille Black avait un an de différence avec Elvis. À cette époque, Bill avait déjà quitté le foyer familial pour faire son service militaire. Pendant que les chansons « That's Alright »/« Blue Moon of Kentucky » étaient joué à la radio de Memphis, Les Blue Moon Boys, comme on les nommait, jouaient dans les clubs locaux dont le Bon Aire Club et le Eagle's Nest, en essayant de se faire une réputation.De geallieerde besloten om niet direct een landing te forceren op Cotentin. Dit onder andere vanwege het falen van de Raid op Dieppe. Men wilde niet nog eens zo'n fiasco meemaken door een havenstad direct aan te vallen. Tevens was de sector rondom Cherbourg overspoeld met Duitsers die de geallieerde luchtlandingen trachtten tegen te gaan. Opperbevelhebber van de grondtroepen Bernard Montgomery was de mening toegedaan dat er wel degelijk moest worden geland op Cotentin, aangezien dit de vijand verplichtte over een breder front te vechten en het de inname van Cherbourg zou versnellen. In de directe nasleep van de landingen, lag de prioriteit voor de gelande troepen op Utah Beach bij het contact maken met de Amerikaanse luchtlandingstroepen die meer westwaarts waren geland. Op 9 juni slaagde de 101st Airborne Division erin om de overstroomde vallei bij de Douve te doorkruisen, waarna ze oprukte richting Carentan. Deze belangrijke stad werd een dag later veroverd. Het belang van Carentan was dat het de verbinding zou vormen tussen de troepen van Utah Beach en Omaha Beach.