Penyakit Gout ialah salah satu bentuk humor yang mengerikan dan yang mungkin berkait dengan ketul-ketul mendapan urat. Aras asid urik yang tinggi dikaitkan dengan kencing manis, penyakit jantung iskemia, dan darah tinggi.  Kadang kala, gout merupakan penyakit keturunan. Aras Serum urate biasanya meningkat. Serum urea dan creatinine mungkin meningkat sekiranya terdapat kegagalan ginjal.-->Coast City, che comparve per la prima volta in Showcase n. 22 nel Settembre-Ottobre 1959, era una città ubicata in California. Questo ne fa una delle pochissime città dell'Universo DC ad avere una chiara ubicazione fin dal principio. Negli anni novanta, Coast City fu distrutta, con quasi tutti i suoi residenti - qui numerati come sette milioni - da parte di Mongul. La gigantesca navicella spaziale di Mongul comparve sopra la città e rilasciò migliaia di bombe sferiche che detonarono simultaneamente. Fu rivelato successivamente che Mongul stava eseguendo l'ordine dell'ex astronauta Hank Henshaw, meglio noto come Cyborg Superman. Mongul e Henshaw ricostruirono quindi Engine City dalle ceeri di Coast City, come parte di un piano per trasformare la Terra in un nuovo Mondo della Guerra. Il piano fu fermato da Superman, Acciaio e Superboy, con l'aiuto di Hal Jordan, che appena tornato dallo spazio trovò la sua casa distrutta. Nell'esplosione rimasero uccisi numerosi personaggi di supporto delle storie di Lanterna Verde, inclusi Kari Limbo e numerosi impiegati della anello e scoprì ch anche la sua ex ragazza era rimasta coinvolta nell'esplosione, ma se questo fosse vero o falso non fu chiaro. Uno dei risultati dell'evento fu la trasformazione di Hal Jordan in Parallax, apparentemente dovuto al crollo mentale causato dalla distruzione della città, sebbene fu successivamente rivelato che era sotto l'influenza del parassita. Questo portò alla formazione di una nuova Lanterna Verde, Kyle Rayner. Un memoriale alle vittime di Coast City fu eretto nel sito della città con l'aiuto della maggior parte dei più grandi super eroi del periodo.Delaware is 96 miles long and ranges from 9 to 35 miles across, totaling 1,954 square miles and making it the second-smallest state in the United States after Rhode Island. Delaware is bounded to the north by Pennsylvania, to the east by the Delaware River, Delaware Bay, New Jersey and the Atlantic Ocean and to the west and south by Maryland. Small portions of Delaware are also situated on the far, or eastern, side of the Delaware River estuary, and these small parcels share land boundaries with New Jersey. The state of Delaware, together with the Eastern Shore counties of Maryland and two counties of Virginia, form the Delmarva Peninsula, a geographical unit stretching far down the Mid-Atlantic Coast. Only nine years later, in British expedition under the direction of James, the Duke of York. Fighting off a prior claim by Cæcilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore, Proprietor of Maryland, the Duke passed his somewhat dubious ownership on to William Penn in 1682. Penn strongly desired access to the sea for his Pennsylvania province and leased what then came to be known as the "Lower Counties on the Delaware" from the Duke. Penn established representative government and briefly combined his two possessions under one General Assembly in Philadelphia, and the other at New Castle. Penn and his heirs remained proprietors of both and always appointed the same person Governor for their Province of Pennsylvania and their territory of the Lower Counties.  The fact that Delaware and Pennsylvania shared the same governor was not unique.  During much of the colonial period, New York and New Jersey shared a governor, as did Massachusetts and New Hampshire. Dependent in early years on indentured labor, Delaware imported more slaves as the number of English immigrants decreased with better economic conditions in England. The colony became a slave society. So it was that New Castle lawyer John Dickinson, became the "Penman of the Revolution." Anticipating the Declaration of Independence, Patriot leaders Thomas McKean and George Read, could not bring himself to vote for a Declaration of Independence. Only the dramatic overnight ride of Caesar Rodney gave the delegation the votes needed to cast Delaware's vote for Independence. Once the Declaration was adopted, however, Read signed the document.Los materiales usados en celdas de combustible varían según el tipo. Véase Tipos de celda de combustible. Los sistemas electrolizadores no almacenan el combustible en sí mismos, por lo que necesitan de unidades de batería externas, lo que supone un problema serio para áreas rurales. En este caso, las baterías tienen que ser de gran tamaño para satisfacer la demanda del almacenaje, pero aun así esto supone un ahorro con respecto a los dispositivos eléctricos convencionales. Protium, una banda de rock formada en la Ponaganset High School, en Glocester, fue el primer conjunto musical del mundo en utilizar celdas de combustible de hidrógeno para proveerse de energía. La banda utilizaba un Airgen Fuelcell de 1kW Ballard Power systems. El conjunto ha tocado en numerosos eventos relacionados con las celdas de combustible incluyendo el CEP de Connecticut, y el 2003 Fuel Cell Seminar en Miami beach.