Standardization is the development and application of standards. Standards are publications that establish accepted practices, technical requirements and terminologies for products, services and systems. Standards help to ensure better, safer and more efficient methods and products, and are an essential element of technology, innovation and trade. The SCC carries out a variety of functions intended to ensure the effective and coordinated operation of standardization in Canada. It also represents Canada's interests in standards-related matters in foreign and international forums. Most standards are voluntary, there are no laws requiring their application, but an increasingly competitive marketplace for goods and services means that more and more customers are demanding adherence to specific standards. Governments also make some standards mandatory by referencing them legislatively or through regulations. Expert committees representing standards developing organizations, manufacturers, governments, consumers and other interested parties develop standards at the national and international levels. SCC supports the work of over 15,000 members from various stakeholder groups working on thousands of national and international standardization committees. SCC is also a member of a number of organizations that are developing agreements to ensure the international acceptance of conformity assessment results. SCC advises federal, provincial and territorial governments, industry organizations and nongovernmental bodies on standards and conformity assessment related aspects of trade and regulatory policy. A major focus is to encourage governments and industries to make greater use of the National Standards System in regulatory activities and trade agreements. The SCC provides an information and research service to the public. Whether a customer has a specific technical request or requires general information related to standards, the SCC’s information officers can assist. The SCC’s search tool RegWatch identifies Canadian, foreign and international standards referenced in Canadian federal law. RegWatch provides links to the full text of Canadian regulations that cite standards, and links to additional information about the referenced standards. SCC’s Export Alert! sends an email to subscribers when regulations affecting their specified industry have changed in the global marketplace. Users can select a field and country of interest, get full text of draft regulatory measures, as well as submit comments on proposed regulatory changes. Standards are developed through consensus by committees of affected stakeholders that may include representatives from industry, governments, academia and the public interest. These committees are established and managed by an organization that specializes in the development of standards. The Standards Council of Canada accredits organizations that develop standards in Canada. Accreditation is the verification that an organization has the competence necessary to carry out a specific function. SCC's accreditation programs are based on internationally recognized guides and standards. Accredited standards development organizations may submit their standards for approval as National Standards of Canada. This designation indicates that a standard is the official Canadian standard on a particular subject. It also shows that the development process met certain specified criteria. National Standards of Canada may be developed in Canada or adopted, with or without changes, from international standards. The Standards Council of Canada has the mandate to coordinate and oversee the efforts of the National Standards System, which includes organizations and individuals involved in voluntary standards development, promotion and implementation in Canada. For more than 25 years, the National Standards System has helped to ensure the safety and performance of products and services, helped to open the global marketplace to Canadians, and made Canada a leader in international standardization. More than 15,000 Canadian members contribute to committees that develop national or international standards. As well, more than 400 organizations have been accredited by the Standards Council. Some of these develop standards, others are conformity assessment bodies which determine the compliance of products or services to a standard's requirements. SCC understands the key relationship between trade, standardization and conformity assessment. Consequently, a significant amount of its work focuses on trade-related issues, within Canada and internationally. Nationally, the SCC works to keep the lines of communication open with provincial and territorial representatives to ensure the effectiveness of national standards and trade across the country. The SCC is committed to helping developing countries build their own standardization systems and meeting the requirements set out in international trade agreements through cooperation with national and international partners. In 1964, the federal government conducted a comprehensive review of standards activity in Canada. The study identified a number of deficiencies in the country's approach to standardization, including coordination and long-term planning, support from industry and government, and Canadian involvement in international standardization. In 1970, the government responded by establishing the Standards Council of Canada through the Standards Council of Canada Act, which received Royal Assent in the same year. Two years later, the SCC held a seat on the International Organization for Standardization’s governing Council.