Раз-Два и Мямля без особых проблем грабят бухгалтеров олигарха и привозят долю награбленного Стелле. Раз-Два звонит Арчи и говорит, что хочет отдать долг Ленни. Арчи обещает заехать в притон, где обитает «Дикая шайка». На следующее утро Раз-Два обнаруживает, что Боб не отправился в тюрьму, потому что Ленни устроил так, что сторона обвинения потеряла дело. Стелла приглашает Раз-Два с компанией к себе домой на вечеринку, которую устраивает её муж-гомосексуалист. Раз-Два соглашается.Die Burg ist eine der kleinsten unter den nassauischen Burgen. Sie steht auf einem steilen Felskegel aus Taunusquarzit, dessen Ostseite mit der Hangseite des Spitzen Steins verbunden ist. Um sich gegen Überfälle von zu schützen, besaß die Burg dort einen Halsgraben. Dies war ein künstlicher, tiefer Graben, der den Hang von der Burg trennte und so versuchte, die Angreifer auf Distanz zu halten. Zu dieser Bergseite war die Burg durch eine tief gestaffelte, dichte Dornenhecke jedoch noch stärker gesichert. Sie musste von den Anwohnern in Ordnung gehalten werden und reichte von Paulis Pförtchen bis in den vorderen Teil der heutigen Burglindenstraße. Auf beiden Seiten des Turms der Burg Vrouwensteyn schloss sich eine hohe Mauer an, die ins Tal bis zu einem Weiher verlief, der vom Lippbach gespeist wurde. Bei Ausgrabungen im Jahr 1943 stieß man im Tal auf Fundamentreste.Pia VI. diecéze plzeňské. Současným českobudějovickým diecézním biskupem je Jiří Paďour, pomocným biskupem Pavel Posád. Katedrálou nové diecéze se stal dosavadní farní kostel sv. Mikuláše. Biskupskou rezidencí se měl původně stát dominikánský konvent, nicméně ukázalo se, že přestavba staré stavby by byla příliš nákladná, a proto bylo rozhodnuto, že se v ní usídlí piaristé a biskup se přesune do jejich novějšího kláštera. Biskup Jirsík patřil k odpůrcům vyhlášení dogmatu o papežské neomylnosti, na prvním vatikánském koncilu odůvodnil ve svém projevu toto stanovisko tím, že pro ně nenachází v Písmu a katolické Tradici dost nezvratných podkladů. Nicméně po jeho schválení koncilem se zasadil o jeho urychlené oficiální vyhlášení v Čechách a přepsal kvůli němu i patřičnou část své Dogmatiky.La preservación digital se basa en la búsqueda de soluciones para conservar aquellos documentos digitales almacenados, sea cual sea su formato, el software, hardware o sistema que se utilizó para su creación.Manteniendo así la información pese a los rápidos cambios tecnológicos. Consiste en el mantenimiento de la máquina con la que fueron creados los documentos, incluyendo software, hardware, etc. No es una solución valida ya que con el paso del tiempo este mantenimiento se verá dificultado por la falta de recambios y avances tecnológicos que harán que dicho ordenador quede obsoleto. Este método consiste en la conversión de los documentos almacenados a nuevos formatos con el fin de no perder la información que contienen. Mediante este proceso se mantienen las características esenciales de los datos, aunque el cambio realizado entre tecnologías puede producir pequeños cambios que con el paso del tiempo y de consecutivas migraciones pueden verse acumulados. Por todo esto, se convierte en un proceso poco fiable si se utilizaron componentes muy específicos de software, lo que conlleva una incompatibilidad entre sistemas. La migración también puede utilizarse en la extensión o formato de los documentos, por ejemplo, trasladar un documento en formato Microsoft Word 95 a uno Microsoft Word 97/2000/XP, para aumentar su funcionalidad.Abbey Road on the River hosts many different types of tribute bands.  Some bands look, sound, and act like the Beatles.  Other bands play Beatles music accurately, but do not dress or act as Beatles.  Other bands celebrate the music of Lennon & McCartney and George Harrison without trying to reproduce the Beatles' sound. The festival left Cleveland after the August 2004 event and held its inaugural Louisville event in May 2005. The current incarnation of Abbey Road on the River is held in Louisville, KY in the Belvedere Festival Park. Belevedere Park is located between the Galt House and the Muhammad Ali Center.  Many of the festival attendees stay at the Galt House during the festival. In addition to indoor concerts, the Galt House offers both guests and visitors the opportunity to participate in midnight sing-alongs.  Many festival guests consider this one of the high-points of the event as it provides an opportunity to meet other festival guests and performers. The current Louisville festival is a 5 day event.  The first four days are dedicated to Beatles music while the last day is dedicated to late-60s era music in general.  The last day is appropriately titled, "The Summer of Love".  The "Summer of Love" concerts were added to the line-up in 2007. Single day Abbey Road on the River events were held in the Scranton, PA in 2007 and 2008. The Woodlands Inn and Resort is in the woods at the foothills of the Pocono mountains. Both events were sponsored and hosted by Coors Beer. Abbey Road on the River is expected to return to Scranton in 2010. The festival includes both indoor and outdoor concerts.  Stages are operated simultaneously.  This offers guests a choice of bands at all times. Indoor concerts are held in the Galt House Hotel.  Outdoor concerts are held in the Belvedere Festival Park which is directly adjacent to the Galt House. Large indoor shows are held on the stage of the Archibald Ballroom.  This room has a seating capacity of over 1,000.  A cash bar is available.  Featured evening and midnight shows are held in the Archibald Ballroom. Smaller shows are held in the Daisy Room.  This room has a 300 person capacity. Smaller conference rooms in the Galt House are used for screening of Beatles movies and videos. As many as six outdoor stages have been utilized in the past.  Seating is provided.  Limited covered seating is also available at each of the stages. The Lawn Stage is used for featured shows.  As one might expect, the Lawn Stage is located on the lawn of the Belvedere Festival Park and the seating area is predominantly on the grass.  A large dance area is available in front of the stage.