يأخذ الليمور المطوق اسمه من الشعر الطويل والكثيف المحيط برأسه وأذنيه، والشبيه بالطوق المنتفش، وبالرغم من الشبه الكبير فيما بين نوعيه، إلا أنهما يختلفان في اللون ومناطق العيش. فالليمور المطوق الأحمر يتميز بلونه الأحمر الغامق الممتزج بالأسود وبعض المناطق البيضاء. أما الليمور المطوق الأسود والأبيض، فيطغى عليه اللون الأسود الممتزج بالأبيض. يعتبر الليمور المطوق أكبر أنواع الليمورات، حيث يتراوح وزنه ما بين 3.5 إلى 4.5 كجم، ويصل طول جسمه إلى ما يقارب 50 سم، بينما يبلغ طوله ذيله 60 سم. كذلك، تستخدم الليمورات المطوقة أذرعها الطويلة أثناء التسلق. تنتشر الليمورات المطوقة في الغابات الماطرة في المناطق الشرقية من جزيرة مدغشقر، وينتشر الليمور المطوق الأسود والأبيض في الغابات الماطرة المنتشرة في المناطق المنخفضة أو المتوسطة الارتفاع، والتي قد تبلغ في ارتفاعها 1200م. أما الليمور المطوق الأحمر، فينتشر في إقليم ماسوالا في جنوب شرق الجزيرة. يفضل الليمور المطوق العيش وقضاء الوقت في الأجزاء العلوية من الأشجار، ويواجه خطر الانقراض نظراً لارتفاع الطلب على نوعية أخشاب أشجار الفاكهة التي يستوطنها، إضافة إلى الصيد الجائر.Physician, epidemiologist, sanitarian, statistician, clinician and lecturer. He was arguably the first "Green", a century before the term was invented. Greenhow was a consulting physician to the Middlesex Hospital. His grandfather, father and uncle were all physicians. Greenhow was born at Montpelier, he joined his father in practice in that town. Here he practiced for eighteen years, and did much useful work in sanitation, becoming a member of the Town Council of Tynemouth and chairman of the Board of Health. Across the road from St. Thomas's Hospital is Guy's Hospital, which had been run by the legendary Sir Astley Cooper. Greenhow became acquainted with Thomas Addison, and saw the patients mentioned in Addison's book before they died. He also met William Withey Gull, who with William Baly ran the Cholera Committee. Dr. Gull later became Queen Victoria's physician. Professor Burdon Sanderson said of Sir John Simon that "he endured, perhaps with too little patience, the constant pinpricks of official interference". Indeed, after he had been overruled too often, Sir John resigned in 1876 as Chief Medical Officer to the Privy Council—and the post was promptly abolished. Greenhow had lost a valuable ally.'Iets' is een sprookje van Hans Christian Andersen, het verscheen in 1858. De oudste van vijf broers wil iets nuttigs doen voor de maatschappij, hij zal stenen maken om mee te bouwen.De tweede vindt dat dit ook wel door een machine gedaan kan worden, hij wordt zelf liever gilde en krijgt een eigen vaandel en herberg. Je kan zelfs meester worden, de vrouw meesteres. De derde broer vindt het werkvolk niks, hij wil bouwmeester worden. Dit is de loopbaan van een kunstenaar die ook denkt. Je begint als timmermansjongen en zal met de pet moeten lopen. Hij zal bier en brandewijn moeten halen, maar als hij gezel is begint het echt. Hij kan architect worden als hij leert tekenen op de academie. Hij heeft dan een titel en zal bouwen, net als anderen voor hem.