In Realm and House of the Deck of Dragons in Steven Erikson's fantasy series Malazan Book of the Fallen, Dassem Ultor is a character also known as the First Sword of the Malazan Empire, Dessembrae - Lord of Tragedy, and former Knight of High House Death. First references to Dassem Ultor appear in the beginning of Gardens of the Moon, the first Malazan Book of the Fallen, referring to him as the First Sword of the Empire, a title that grants him supreme command over all Malazan military matters. It is also mentioned quite early that he was assassinated at the siege of Y'Ghatan on the Seven Cities continent. This is, however, untrue, but his continued existence is unknown but to two or three others, not including Ascendents and Gods. The title "First Sword" is described as being a T'lan Imass title and it is unclear why the term was given to Dassem. It is speculated that Kellanved may have granted him this title since he had control over the First Throne and thus over an entire clan of the Logros T'lan Imass. Nevertheless, it is a title that is usually always a surrogate for Dassem's name, and it also being his official military rank, since Korbolo Dom will assume it in The Bonehunters. Several references throughout the Malazan Book of the Fallen series refer to Dassem as "a man sworn to Hood", the God of Death, and King of High House Death. Dassem Ultor was in fact the Knight of High House Death, and thus Hood's Mortal Sword, a shrewd and adequate decision by Hood to choose him as his Knight since the First Sword is continually referred to as the deadliest swordsman alive. For some reason or another, the exact time span is muddled, Dassem rescinds his vow to Hood and the God of Death either kills or completely incapacitates his daughter. It is unknown which came first, if Dassem, tired and weary of the death and bloodshed caused by his own hand, forgoes his vow to the God of Death who consequently retaliates by eliminating/incapacitating his daughter or vice verse. The first accounts of Dassem by the young Ganoes Paran in Gardens of the Moon say that Dassem was the one who betrayed Hood, but later on in the novel the sole remaining Claw attached to the 2nd Army says that Hood took Dassem's daughter and then everything started going bad. Theorizing, certain vague statements seem to unconsciously point to the time directly before or during the siege of Y'Ghatan on the Seven Cities continent as the very rough time and date of this occurrence, coinciding with the assassination attempt on his life. In Iam C. Esslemont's book, Night if Knives, it describes the assassination attempt and the events occurring before and after it by one of Dassem's personal bodyguard Temper, a member of Dassem's highly elite First Sword.항목 1. 가정 2. 구조와 구성 3. 기원 4. 혜성 5. Tidal effects 6. 항성 섭동과 별의 동반성 가설들 7. 오르트 구름의 물체들 8. see also 9. References 10. External links Origin 오르트구름은 대략 46억 년 전에 태양 주위에 형성된 고유의 원시행성 원형에의 나머지로 생각된다.[1] 가장 널리 받아들여지는 가설은 행성과 소행성을 형성하는 같은 과정의 일부분으로서 오르트 구름의 물체가 처음으로 태양으로 훨씬 가깝게 합쳐졌지만, 목성과 같은 젊은 가스로 이루어진 거대한 행성의 중력 상호작용이 그 물체를 극단적인 긴 타원 궤도나 포물선 궤도로 밀쳐냈다는 것이다. [1][23]태양계 시작부터 현재까지, 오르트 구름의 진화 시뮬레이션들은 융합과 충돌 속도가 느려지면서, 더불어 소모의 속도가 공급을 따라잡기 시작함에 따라, 오르트 구름의 질량이 형성된 후 약 8억년 부근에서 가장 컸을 것이라고 암시한다.[1] Julio Ángel Fernández의 모형은, 태양계 안의 주기적인 혜성의 주된 원천이었던 흐트러진 원반 모형이, 또한 오르트 구름의 물체에도 주요한 원천이었을 지도 모른다고 제안한다. 그 모형에 따르면, 그 물체들의 약 절반은 오르트 구름 쪽인 외부 방향으로 흩어진 이동을 하였고, 반면에 1/4은 목성 궤도 안쪽으로 이동하였고, 나머지 1/4은 과장된 궤도로 밀쳐졌다. 흐트러진 원반 모형은 오르트 구름에 여전히 물질들을 공급할지도 모른다.[24] 흐트러진 원반모형의 세 번째 집단은 약 25억 년 후에 오르트 구름 안에서 끝날 것 같다.[25] 컴퓨터 모형은 형성기간 동안에 혜성 파편의 충돌들은 예전에 생각했던 것보다 더 큰 역할을 한다는 것을 제안한다. 이러한 모형에 따르면, 태양계 역사의 초반에 있었던 충돌의 수는 너무 거대해서 대부분의 혜성들은 그들이 오르트 구름에 도달하기 전에 파괴되었다. 그러므로, 현재의 축적된 오르트 구름의 질량은 한 때 예상되었던 질량보다 훨씬 적다.[26] 가까운 별들의 중력 상호작용과 은하의 거대한 조수들은 혜성의 궤도를 더 완곡한 모형으로 수정시켰다. 이것은 중심권 외부 오르트 구름이 거의 구형이라는 것을 설명한다.[1] 반면에, 태양에 상대적으로 더 강하게 묶여있는 Hills cloud는 아직 구형의 모형을 얻지 못했다. 최근의 연구들은 오르트 구름의 형성은 태양계가 200-400개의 별들 집단의 한 부분으로 형성되었다는 가정들과 모순되지 않는다는 것을 보여준다. 그 집단 안에서 훨씬 더 빈번히 섭동을 일으킬, 가까운 별의 변천의 수가 오늘날보다 훨씬 많기 때문에, 이러한 초기 별들은 오르트 구름의 형성에 큰 역할을 할 것이다.[27]