Nakhon Si Thammarat is the biggest province in the South of Thailand with a population of over a million. The locals are regarded as friendly and kind. Nakhon Si Thammarat FC used to be one of the best amateur football clubs with many well-known players such as Anirut Krabdee, Bunnum Suksawad, Udomsak Yeeraham and Somsak Noyhid.  In 1991, the club became the spotlight of the country as they surprisingly reached the final of Yamaha Thailand's Cup against Bangkok FC and won the hearts of many of its fans. In 2009, the club had such a brilliant run as they went unbeaten in the first half of the season under the coach who used to be a Thai international, Siripong Sirirat. However, the team unfortunately could not find the form they had in the second of the season, therefore they narrowly missed the play-off position for Division 1 promotion. In 2010, the club has set a clear goal of getting promoted to the Thai Division 1 League as their priority.  Therefore a big plan for team rebuilding was expected to happen. Over 5 million baths of budget was planned to be spent but the problem unavoidably arises when there is a re-election of the city mayor. As a result, the club currently suffer a bit of financial problems due to the delay of funding from the local government. Nevertheless, the problem is hopefully expected to be overcome soon as the local re-election has ended.این بازار دارای دو محور عمود بر هم می‌باشد که یکی محور شمالی جنوبی به طول ۷۲۰ متر و دو ورودی یکی در شمال و یکی در جنوب و محور شرقی غربی به طول ۲۰۰ متر و دارای ۸ گذر و ورودی شرقی غربی.சாக்கிய நாயனார் திருச்சங்கமங்கையில் வேளாளர் குடியில் தோன்றினார். எவ்வுயிர்க்கும் அருளுடையாராய்ப் பிறவாநிலை பெற விரும்பிக் காஞ்சிநகரத்தை அடைந்து புத்தசமயத்தை மேற்கொண்டிருந்தார். இறைவன் திருவருள் கூடுதலாற் புத்தம் முதலியன புறச்சமயச் சார்புகள் அல்ல என்றும், ஈறில் சிவநன்நெறியே பொருளாவதென்றும் துணியும் நல்லுணர்வு கைவரப்பெற்றார். “செய்யப்படும் வினையும், அவ்வினையைச் செய்கின்ற உயிரும், அவ்வினையின் பயனும், அப்பயனைச் செய்த உயிர்க்கே சேர்ப்பிக்கும் இறைவனும் எனச் சைவசமயத்தில் கூறப்பட்ட பொருள் நான்காகும். இப்பொருட்பாகுபாடு சிவநெறியல்லாத பிறசமயத்தில் இல்லை” எனத்தெளிந்து கொண்டார். உயிர்களை உய்விக்கும் மெய்ப்பொருள் சிவமே, எந்த நிலையில் நின்றாலும் எக்கோலங்கொண்டாலும் சிவனடியினை மறவாது போற்றுதலே உறுதிப்பொருளாகும்” என்று ஆராய்ந்து துணிந்து தாம் கொண்ட புத்தசமய வேடத்துடனேயே சிவபெருமானை மறவாது போற்றுவராயினர்.চট্টগ্রামে আরাকানী শাসন খুবই গুরুত্বপূর্ণ। চট্টগ্রাম আরাকানীদের কাছ থেকে অনেক কিছুই গ্রহণ করে। জমির পরিমাণে মঘী কানির ব্যবহার এখনো চট্টগ্রামে রয়েছে। মঘী সনের ব্যবহারও দীর্ঘদিন প্রচলিত ছিল। সে সময়ে আরাকানে মুসলিম জনবসতি বাড়ে। আরকান রাজসভায় কবি আলাওলের মতো বাংলা কবিদের পৃষ্ঠপোষকতায় সেখানে বাংলা সাহিত্যের প্রভূত উন্নতি হয়। পদ্মাবতী আলাওলের অন্যতম কাব্য। ১৬৬৬ সালে মোগল সম্রাট শায়েস্তা খানকে চট্টগ্রাম দখলের নির্দেশ দেন। সুবেদারের পুত্র উমেদ খাঁর নেতৃত্বে কর্ণফুলী নদীর মোহনায় আরাকানীদের পরাজিত করে এবং আরাকানী দূর্গ দখল করে। যথারীতি পর্তুগিজরা আরাকানীদের সঙ্গে বিশ্বাসঘাতকতা করে মোগলদের পক্ষ নেয়। মোগল সেনাপতি উমেদ খাঁ চট্টগ্রামের প্রথম ফৌজদারের দায়িত্ব পান। শুরু হয় চট্টগ্রামে মোগল শাসন। তবে মোগলদের শাসনামলের পুরোটা সময় আরাকানীরা চট্টগ্রাম অধিকারের চেষ্টা চালায়। টমাস প্রাট নামে এক ইংরেজ আরাকানীদের সঙ্গে যোগ দিয়ে মোগলদের পরাজিত করার চেষ্টা করে ব্যর্থ হয়। কোলকাতার গোড়াপত্তনকারী ইংরেজ জব চার্নকও ১৬৮৬ সালে চট্টগ্রাম বন্দর দখলের ব্যর্থ অভিযান চালায়। ১৬৮৮ সালে কাপ্তেন হিথেরও অনুরূপ অভিযান সফল হয় নি। ১৬৭০ ও ১৭১০ সালে আরাকানীরা চট্টগ্রামের সীমান্তে ব্যর্থ হয়। কিন্তু ১৭২৫ সালে প্রায় ৩০ হাজার মগ সৈন্য চট্টগ্রামে ঢুকে পড়ে চট্টগ্রামবাসীকে বিপদাপন্ন করে ফেলে। তবে শেষপর্যন্ত মোগলরা তাদের তাড়িয়ে দিতে সক্ষম হয়। এই সময় মোগলদের কারণে ইংরেজরা চট্টগ্রাম বন্দর কোনভাবেই দখল করতে পারে নি। মোগলরা পার্বত্য এলাকার অদিবাসীদের সঙ্গে, বিশেষ করে চাকমা সম্প্রদায়ের সঙ্গে চুক্তির মাধ্যমে সদ্ভাব বজায় রাখে।रोगों से आक्रांत होने पर रोगों से मुक्त होने के लिये जो उपचार किया जाता है, संकीर्ण अर्थ में, वह चिकित्सा कहलाता है पर व्यापक अर्थ में वे सभी उपचार चिकित्सा के अंतर्गत आ जाते हैं जिनसे स्वास्थ्य की रक्षा और रोगों का निवारण होता है। प्राचीन ग्रीक चिकित्सकों का कथन है ""चिकित्सक चिकित्सा करता है और प्रकृति रोगहरण करती है""। रोगों से बचने की रोगियों में शक्ति होती है, जिससे दवा न करने पर भी असंख्य रोगी नीरोग हो जाते है। चिकित्सा ऐसी होनी चाहिए कि वह रोगहरण की शक्तियों में कोई बाधा न डाले, वरन् उसमें सहयोग दे। इसके लिये चिकित्साकर्म में अत्यंत व्यग्रता न दिखानी चाहिए और न रोगियों को नैसर्गिक शक्ति के भरोसे ही छोड़ना, या उत्साहहीन चिकित्सा करनी, चाहिए।