சுறாக்கள் மிகச் சிறந்த மோப்பத் திறனைக் கொண்டுள்ளன. பத்து இலட்சம் துளிகளில் ஒரு துளி இரத்தம் இருந்தாலும் இவற்றால் கால் மைல் தொலைவில் இருந்து கூட முகர்ந்து விட முடியும். சுறாக்களின் கேள்திறனும் அதிகம். நுண்ஒலிகளைக் கேட்கும் திறன் பெற்றவை.சுறாக்களுக்குக் குறைஞ்சது நாலு வரிசைப்பற்கள் இருக்கும். இரையைக் குத்திக் கிழிக்கிறது எல்லாமே முதல் வரிசைப் பற்கள்தான். இதுல ஒரு பல் உடைஞ்சு விழுந்துட்டா, பின் வரிசையிலிருந்து ஒரு பல் அந்த விழுந்த இடத்துக்கு நகர்ந்து வந்துவிடும். இல்லைன்னாக்கூட இரண்டு வாரங்களுக்கு ஒருமுறை சுறாக்களுக்குப் புதிய பல் முளைத்துவிடுகிறது. புலி சுறான்னு ஒரு வகை. இதுக்கு மட்டும் பத்து வருடத்திலே 24,000 பல் முளைக்கிறது. சுறாக்களால் வண்ணங்களைப் பிரித்து அறிய முடியாது. பார்வையும் கூர்மை கிடையாது. மந்தமான வெளிச்சத்தில்தான் இதற்குப் பார்வை தெளிவாகத் தெரியும். சுறாவின் உடல் எலும்புகள் எல்லாம் குறுத்தெலும்பால் ஆனவைDe toutes les planètes telluriques au sein du Mercure est la moins bien comprise. Cela s'explique tout dabord par la proximité de cette planète avec le sondes techniquement délicat et les observation depuis la terre difficiles. L'essentiel de ce qu'on sait de la géologie de Mercure repose sur les données recueillies par la sonde Mariner 10, qui effectua trois survols en 1974 et 1975. Atteindre Mercure depuis la Terre est un défi technique, car la planète orbite bien plus près du Soleil que ne le fait la Terre. Un gravitationnel du Soleil. A partir de la Δv dépasse celui permettant d'atteindre depuis la Terre la vitesse de libération du Vénus dont l'atmosphère épaisse permet un rétrofusées, ce qui accroît sensiblement la quantité de propergol nécessaire pour ce type de mission. Ainsi, seules deux sondes, Mariner 10 et MESSENGER, produites par la NASA, sont parvenues à atteindre Mercure à ce jour.Cliffhanger is a 1993 American mountain climber, who becomes embroiled in a failed heist set in a U.S. Treasury plane flying through the Rocky Mountains. The film was a major box office success, earning more than $250 million worldwide. Eight months later, Gabe returns to town for the first time since Sarah's funeral. Overcome with guilt over having lost Sarah, Gabe has returned only to pack his remaining possessions to leave permanently. However, a radio distress call comes in to the local rescue center where Hal and Jessie still work. Hal heads off to find the stranded climbers while Jessie pleads with Gabe to join Hal's rescue attempt. Battling his inner demons, Gabe meets Hal on the mountain, where the latter, still angry with Gabe for being unsuccessful at saving Sarah, lashes out and almost throws Gabe off the cliff. The group locates the first of the three cases, and Gabe is tethered to a rope and ordered to scale a steep wall to retrieve it. Gabe frees himself from the rope, and the group begins firing up the cliff, causing an avalanche which kills one of Qualen's men. Seeing the money flutter down from the top of the cliff, Qualen presumes Gabe dead and orders the group to proceed to the second case.Komanči sú etnická skupina, ktorá obývala severoamerický kontinent. Dnes má asi 10-tisíc členov. Dynamickejšie skupiny kmeňa postupovali stále južnejšie na prérie v Nebraske, Colorade, Kansase, Oklahome až do Texasu. Ten sa stal na viac ako jedno storočie ich výsostným územím, o ktoré zvádzali urputné boje so susednými indiánskymi kmeňmi, španielskymi kolonizátormi a napokon aj s americkými osadníkmi.  Komanči, i keď vzrastom nižší, ako okolité kmene, boli zocelení kočovným spôsobom života a neustálymi šarvátkami. V čase najväčšej slávy koncom 18. storočia ich podľa odhadov žilo asi  20-tisíc. Neskôr následkom opakovaných vražedných epidémií belošských chorôb ich počet značne poklesol, takže počas prvého sčítania roku 1870 sa ku Komančom hlásilo už len asi 8-tisíc ľudí.