Обикновеният габър е едно от най-разпространените дървесни видове в горски масиви. Основно се среща като примесен вид в м. Най-разпространен е в районите с надморска височина от 500 до 1000 метра, където се среща заедно с видовете дъб и липа. Обикновеният габър има прав ствол, покрит със сива ненапуката кора. Характерна за вида е добре развитата корона. Листата на растението са прости и с см, а на ширина до 5-8 см. Всяка листна петура разполага с 10-15 двойки странични жилки. Ръбът на листата е двойно назъбен като до всеки зъб достига една странична жилка или нейно разклонение.Increase in marine traffic and activity Significant vessel traffic volume increase has been recorded. In 2004 the volume of traffic is 10.4% of the total vessel movements that it is a very clean induction when comparing with only 7.8% in 1994 . Report from United Nations Conference of Trade and Development told us that Chinese ports handled 28.7% which is of containers throughput of the entire liner shipping world that is 485 millions TEU. The handling capacity of coastal oil terminals/jetties has reached 32 billion tons in 2007. The Import volume of crude oil was 16.8 billion tons. With regard of traffic data, 2.6 million vessels were going in and out of China waters in 2007. Eight hundred thousands out of 2.6 millions vessel were tankers for any purposes. Trend of Marine pollution in China Historical record shows that 2653 oil leakage issues happened in Coastal area of PRC in 1973-2006 . Critical oil leakage of 50 tons of crude oil or above happened 69 times. Total leakage volume is thirty thousand tons. Average occurrence per year is two times. Average oil leakage volume per accident is 537 tons. In 2005, 253 oil pollution accidents were discovered. Qingdao is the largest crude oil transhipment centre in PRC. Maximum handling capacity per year is 70million tons and on-shore storage capacity is 6 million meter square. Qingdao oil terminal has been handling 39millions tons crude oil per year. As a strategic storage point of oil reserve for PRC, after the completion of 3rd oil jetty project and oil refinery factory with 10 millions tons capacity, Qingdao will become the cluster oil for oil industry. The estimated throughput of oil and sub-products will be high as 60-70 millions tons.Παρά την πρόθεση των ιδρυτών του για συσπειρωτικό χαρακτήρα του Ελληνικού Μετώπου, ακολούθησε μία τριετής περίοδος ζυμώσεως, η οποία οδήγησε στην αποδυνάμωση του κόμματος και την απώλεια αρκετών στελεχών, που είτε απεσύρθησαν εντελώς από την πολιτική δράση, είτε προσχώρησαν σε άλλα κόμματα ή πολιτικούς φορείς της ελληνικής ακροδεξιάς. Το 1997, ο εναπομείνας πυρήνας του κόμματος, αποτελούμενος από νεώτερα κυρίως άτομα, όπως ο Θεοδόσης Αθανασάς και ο Χρήστος Χαρίτος, αμφότεροι οικονομολόγοι, ο δικηγόρος Φαίδων Δημόπουλος, ο εκδότης Ιωάννης Γιαννάκενας και οι επιχειρηματίες Γιάννης Καραϊωσηφόγλου και Κωνσταντίνος Σγουμπόπουλος, προχώρησαν σε σύγκληση της Κεντρικής Επιτροπής, η οποία εξέλεξε νέο Εκτελεστικό Γραφείο, αποτελούμενο κυρίως από τους ανωτέρω και το οποίο καλούνταν να οδηγήσει το κόμμα στις δημοτικές εκλογές του 1998. Αποφασίστηκε τότε η μετατροπή του τετρασέλιδου δελτίου, το οποίο το κόμμα μέχρι τότε απέστελε σε άτακτα χρονικά διαστήματα, σε μηνιαία εφημερίδα, η οποία θα πωλούνταν σε επιλεγμένα σημεία των Αθηνών και της επαρχίας και σε συνδρομητές. Τον Ιούνιο του 1997 κυκλοφόρησε το πρώτο φύλλο της εφημερίδας Παναγιώτη Δούμα. Το έντυπο αυτό απετέλεσε τον βασικό δίαυλο επικοινωνίας του κόμματος μέχρι και την αναστολή της λειτουργίας του, τον Μάιο του 2005, ενώ εξακολουθεί να υπάρχει και σήμερα σε ηλεκτρονική μορφή στο διαδίκτυο.