池上電気鉄道（いけがみでんきてつどう：以下・池上電鉄）は、現在の池上線に相当する路線を運営していた鉄道事業者である。 池上電鉄が当初免許を受けたのは目黒 - 大森間の路線で、大森側から線路の敷設を計画した。しかし、大森付近で用地買収が難航したため、その支線として新たに池上 - 蒲田間の免許を受けて開業させることとし、ついに1922年10月6日に支線と位置づけられていた区間が開業する。రెండో ప్రపంచ యుద్ధానికి ముందు, అధ్యక్షుడి విదేశీ మరియు దేశవ్యాప్త పర్యటనలు చాలా అరుదుగా జరిగేవి. వైర్‌లెస్ టెలీకమ్యూనికేషన్ మరియు త్వరిత రవాణా సౌకర్యాలు అందుబాటులో లేకపోవడంతో దూర-ప్రయాణాలు అసాధ్యంగా ఉండేవి, ఎందుకంటే ఇటువంటి ప్రయాణాలకు ఎక్కువ సమయం తీసుకోవడంతోపాటు, వాషింగ్టన్, D.C.లో అధ్యక్ష కార్యకలాపాలు నిలిచిపోతాయి, అయితే డగ్లస్ DC-3 వంటి విమానం అందుబాటులోకి రావడంతో, వాయు ప్రయాణాన్ని ఒక యోగ్యమైన రవాణా మార్గంగా పరిగణిస్తున్న అమెరికా ప్రజల సంఖ్య బాగా పెరిగింది. పూర్తిస్థాయి లోహ విమానం, మరింత ఆధారపడదగిన ఇంజిన్లు మరియు మార్గనిర్దేశానికి కొత్త రేడియో సదుపాయాలు వ్యాపార విమాన ప్రయాణాలను సురక్షితం మరియు బాగా సౌకర్యవంతం చేశాయి. జీవిత భీమా కంపెనీలు కూడా విమాన పైలెట్‌లకు భీమా పాలసీలు అందించడం ప్రారంభించాయి, బాగా ఎక్కువస్థాయిలో ప్రయాణ ఖర్చులు ఉన్నప్పటికీ, అనేక మంది వ్యాపార ప్రయాణికులు మరియు ప్రభుత్వ అధికారులు, ముఖ్యంగా దూర ప్రయాణాలకు రైలు కంటే విమానాలు ఉపయోగించడం ప్రారంభించారు. అధ్యక్షుడు జార్జి W. బుష్ 2001లో SAM 27000 విమానాన్ని అధ్యక్ష సేవల నుంచి తొలగించారు, దీనిని తరువాత కాలిఫోర్నియాలోని శాన్ బెర్నార్డినో అంతర్జాతీయ విమానాశ్రయానికి తీసుకెళ్లారు, ఆపై దీని భాగాలను వేరుచేసి సిమీ వ్యాలీలోని రొనాల్డ్ రీగన్ అధ్యక్ష గ్రంథాలయానికి పంపారు, ఇక్కడ మళ్లీ దీని భాగాలను కూర్చి, శాశ్వత ప్రదర్శన కోసం ఉంచారు.is a manga author duo, Peach-Pit. The story centers on Sakurada Jun, a young hikikomori boy that finds himself indebted to a living doll by the name of Shinku, a doll of the Rozen Maiden series, who was created by a mysterious but extremely talented dollmaker. The series examines the living habits and personality of each doll that is living with Jun and his sister Nori, as well as the sibling rivalry that they commence to name one doll as "Alice" in order to meet the maker who created them. Jun's sometimes comedic, sometimes dramatic experiences with Shinku—as well as the other six dolls of the Rozen Maiden series—slowly bring him out of his depression and back into the world that he had abandoned. Rozen Maiden has been serialized in two different magazines, with the original series running in Monthly Comic Birz from 2002 to 2007, at 43 chapters long. The second series, currently at 26 chapters long, has been running in Weekly Young Jump since April 2008. The manga's first series was released in English by Tokyopop from 2006 to 2008, in 8 volumes. The manga has been also released in various other countries as well. One day, Jun receives a letter claiming he has won a prize. The letter asks him to choose "wind?" or "Don't wind?". It states that after he has made his decision, he must place the letter in the drawer of his desk, and Holie will take it to the spirit world. Despite his skepticism, he follows these instructions, and discovers soon after that the envelope has vanished. Moments later, he realizes that a richly detailed wood case has materialized within his room. The box contains a strange realistic doll dressed in French aristocratic attire. Jun examines the doll from every angle before seeing the key and winding up the doll. The doll creaks, stands up on its own, then proceeds to slap him for handling her as crudely as he had. She introduces herself as, "...Shinku, the fifth doll of the Rozen Maiden."შოტლანდიური დროშა ლურჯია თეთრი დიაგონალური ჯვრით. ეს წნიმდა ენდრიუს დროშაა, რომელიც შოტლანდიის მფარველ  წმინდანად მიიჩნევა.  შოტლანდიის ჩრდილოეთი მთიანია, ამიტომ, იქ ნაკლებია მოსახლეობა. ხალხის დიდი ნაწილი ქვემო, დაბლობ მხარესა და სანაპიროებზე ცხოვრობს. ცენტრალური შოტლანდიის სამხრეთი ნაწილიც მთა-გორიანია, თუმცა, უფრო ნაკლებად.  დასავლეთ და ჩრდილოეთ სანაპიროებთან ბევრი კუნძულია. დედაქალაქია ედინბურგი, რომელიც აღმოსავლეთ სანაპიროზე მდებარეობს.  უდიდესი ქალაქი კი გლაზგოა, სადაც შოტლანდიელების თითქმის ნახევარი ცხოვრობს. შოტლანდიის დანარჩენი ქალაქებია აბერდინი, დანდი, ინვერნესი და სთირლინგი. უდიდესი კუნძულებია - ორკნი, შეტლანდი, ჰებრიდები. აქვს გარკვეული ავტონომიური უფლებები. ადმინისტრაციულად იყოფა 9 რეგიონად და 3 კუნძულოვან მხარედ.