Mordechai Vanunu menghabiskan 18 tahun dalam penjara, termasuk lebih dari 11 tahun di pengurungan sendirian. Vanunu telah dibebaskan dari penjara pada 2004, disubjekkan kepada berbagai barisan batasan pada pengucapan dan pergerakan beliau. Sejak kemudian dia telah secara ringkas ditangkap beberapa kali kerana melanggar pembatasan ini, termasuk memberi beberapa temubual kepada wartawan luar dan mencuba meninggalkan Israel. Ia dipercayai bahawa di Dimona, Vanunu menjadi bertambah bermasalah mengenai program senjata nuklear Israel yang meluas dipecayai iaitu yang beliau bekerja. Apabila beliau telah diletak keluar dari Dimona pada 1985, Vanunu meninggalkan Israel. beliau tiba di pemelukan ke Kings Cross dan bekerja dengan kerja aneh, pertama sebagai pembasuh pinggan mangkuk hotel dan kemudian sebagai pemandu teksi. Vanunu mula menghadiri gereja tempatan, St. John's, Darlinghurst. Sana beliau berjumpa dengan Reverend John McKnight, yang bekerja dengan tanpa huni dan penagih dadah. Vanunu memeluk Kristian dan telah dibaptiskan sebagai John Crossman ke dalam Anglican Church of Australia, mejadikan beliau lebih renggang dari keluarga beliau. Pada 5 Oktober, Sunday Times menerbitkan maklumat yang beliau dedahkan, dan menganggarkan bahasa Israel telah menghasilkan lebih dari 100 warhead nuklear. On February 27 1988, the court sentenced him to 18 years' imprisonment from the date of his capture. The Israeli government refused to release the transcript of the court case until, after the threat of legal action, it agreed to let censored extracts be published in Yedioth Ahronoth, an Israeli newspaper, in late 1999. The Israeli government kept him in near total isolation for more than 11 years, allegedly out of concern that he might reveal more Israeli nuclear secrets and because he was still bound by the contract that swore him to secrecy on the subject. While in prison, he refused psychiatric treatment. His last appeal against his conviction, to the Supreme Court of Israel in 1990, failed. While in prison, Vanunu says, he took part in small acts of rebellion, such as refusing to talk with the guards, reading only English-language newspapers, and watching only BBC television.  "He is the most stubborn, principled, and tough person I have ever met," said his lawyer, Avigdor Feldman. Vanunu says that his knowledge is now outdated and he has nothing more he could possibly reveal that is not already widely known. Despite the stated restrictions, since his release Vanunu has freely given interviews to the foreign press, including a live phone interview to BBC Radio Scotland. Vanunu's application for asylum in Sweden has also been rejected on the grounds that Sweden, like Norway does not accept absentee asylum applications. He also unsuccessfully requested asylum in Ireland, which would require him to first be allowed to leave Israel. International calls for his freedom of movement and freedom of speech made by organizations supporting Vanunu have been either ignored or rejected by Israel. In September 2004, artist and musician Yoko Ono gave Mordechai Vanunu a peace prize founded in her late husband, John Lennon’s memory.