Presently, it is a rapidly deployable heavy armored division of the United States Army with base of operations in Fort Hood, Texas. It is one of the largest divisions of the U.S. Army with over 16,000 soldiers serving in 4 separate combat brigades and support units. Currently the 1st Cavalry Division is subordinate to the III Corps and is commanded by Major General Daniel B. Allyn. On 20 August 1921, the War Department Adjutant General constituted the 1st and 2d Cavalry Divisions to meet partial mobilization requirements, and authorized the establishment of the 1st Cavalry Division under the new TO&E on 31 August 1920. Since 1st Cavalry Division was to assemble from existing units, it was able to go active in September, 1920, even though the subordinate units did not arrive at their assigned stations completely until as late as 1922. 1st Cavalry Division was assigned to the VIII Corps Area, with its Division Headquarters and 2d Brigade located at 15th Cavalry Division, which had existed at Fort Bliss between 10 December 1917 and 12 May 1918. Headquarters, 2nd Cavalry Brigade, had existed at Fort Bliss since 10 December 1917, when it was part of the wartime 15th Cavalry Division. Headquarters, 2nd Cavalry Brigade was deactivated in July 1919, and was reactivated at Fort Bliss on 31 August 1920. Headquarters, 1st Cavalry Brigade had previously existed at Fort Sam Houston, but their quarters had been vacated when 1st Cavalry Brigade deactivated in July 1919. These facilities passed to the 2nd Infantry Division when they returned from France. 1st Cavalry Brigade was reactivated on 31 August 1920 at Douglas, Arizona, occupying the facilities left vacant when Headquarters, 3rd Cavalry Brigade was deactivated in July, 1919. First Cavalry Division’s Troop List was slowly assembled. The 1st, 7th, and 8th Cavalry Regiments had previously been assigned to the wartime 15th Cavalry Division until they were returned to the VIII Corps Area Troop List on 12 May 1918. 1st Cavalry Regiment remained so assigned until it was transferred to 1st Cavalry Division on 20 August 1921. The 7th, 8th, and 10th Cavalry Regiments were transferred on 13 September 1921, although the assignment of the 10th Cavalry Regiment to the 1st Cavalry Division was controversial because the transfer violated the Jim Crow laws. This controversy continued until 18 December 1922, when the 5th Cavalry Regiment, then on the VIII Corps Area Troop List, swapped places with the 10th Cavalry Regiment on the 1st Cavalry Division Troop List.Soy colaborador de la Wikipedia en español e inglesa, y quería felicitaros por la iniciativa, ya que me parece bien que también los idiomas minoritarios la tengan. Acabo d'entrar a Vikipèdia, m'agrada molt i no serà l'última visita que hi faci, Margarida Enhorabona pel treball que esteu fent, i que ens permet a qui parlem català -valencià, en el meu cas-, accedir a la informació directament en la nostra llengua. Espere poder contribuir en algun moment a l'ampliació i millora de la que pense que és una de les eines més útils de la xarxa. Gràcies, ànims i endavant! -- Em sembla extraordinària la participació catalana a Viquipèdia, i m'enorgulleix el saber que ha sigut la segona iniciativa de participar-hi quant la seva fundació, després de la primera feta amb llengua anglesa. Els articles que hi apareixen son molt bons i complets, i em dona molt de gust el que cada vegada que hi vull fer una consulta hi trobi un contingut més numerós. Podria ser que algun dia la llengua catalana desapareixi, no ho sé, però esforços com el que esteu fent tots els que participeu a Viquipèdia, i d'altres com el dels escriptors de llibres, diaris i altres en català, allunyen el moment en que això pugui ser possible.  Moltes felicitacions doncs, i...ENDAVANT!! Francesc Barrera i Tomàs Tot el que sigui col·laborar compartir i participar enriqueix.Encara estic familiaritzant-me amb l' enciclopèdia però la proposta em sembla molt engrescadora. Àprat126 Jo crec que està molt bé això de posar la wikipedia en català, perquè sempre posen les pàgines en castellà, i als catalans, ens deixen de banda. És una enciclopèdia molt completa i molt útil per quan s'han de fer treballs per a l'escola, institut o els que sigui. Moltes gràcies!!! Acabo d'entrar a Vikipèdia en català. M'agrada molt i no serà l'última visita que hi faci, ... porque quiero aprender a leer y escribir en català. Donde puedo encontrar un curso de català "online"? Quién  puedeme ayudar con la información? NOTA D'AGRAÏMENT A TOTES PER PERSONES QUE DE MANERA DESINTERESSADA COL·LABOREN AMB LA VIQUIPÈDIA, I FAN QUE LES CONSULTES SIGUIN MÉS SENZILLES, I BUSCAR PARAULES, O PERSONES AL DICCIONARI, TINGUI UN ALTRE SIGNIFICAT. GRÀCIES A TOTS/ES Wikipedia® i trobes de totSistem barter merupakan sejenis bentuk perniagaan yang tidak menggunakan sebarang bentuk perantara pertukaran, di mana barangan atau perkhidmatan ditukar dengan barangan dan/atau perkhidmatan lain. Ia boleh jadi dibuat antara dua atau beberapa pihak. Melalui sistem ini mereka terpaksa membuat pilihan sesama mereka untuk mendapatkan barang perantaraan yang dapat membawa manfaat bersama antara mereka. Oleh sebab itu, barang-barang yang digunakan sebagai alat perantaraan itu berbeza mengikut suasana dan zaman. maka jelaslah di sini bahawa pertukaran adalah tidak mustahil tanpa wang dan tidak hairanlah manusia boleh menjalankan kegiatan perdagangan dengan sistem pertukaran barter.Сексуальные игрушки помогают достичь сексуального удовлетворения супружеским парам в любом возрасте, особенно при некоторых медицинских проблемах одного или обоих партнёров, или психологической скованности при близости партнёров в постели. Также сексуальные игрушки используются одинокими людьми, которые в силу различных причин не могут найти себе партнёров для секса. Ещё с доисторических времён человечество использовало для возбуждения и эротических развлечений игрушки. Это были жреческие символы и традиционные предметы религиозных культов Индии. Известно об использовании искусственных фаллосов в Греции. Древние египтяне 2500 лет назад использовали искусственный пенис. Даже животным не чужды забавы со своеобразными сексуальными игрушками. В природе к таковым относятся гладкие камни-валуны или отполированные временем брёвна, о которые животные трутся оставляя метки собственности территориальных границ. Белки нередко получают удовольствие на толстом изолированном кабеле, пригреваемом солнцем. В зоопарках таковыми становятся кормушки, автомобильные покрышки, оставленные в качестве забавы для крупных животных. В основном сексуальными игрушками пользуются одинокие животные зоопарков, но иногда, хотя и редко, таковыми играми могут воспользоваться и пары. Отдельно следует отметить вибраторы для стимуляции точки G. Такие вибраторы имеют специальную изогнутую форму, за счет которой обеспечивается глубокая стимуляция точки G.