1932年、処女作『ゴライの悪魔』をポーランドで上梓して文壇デビューを飾る。中世のイディッシュ年代記に擬したスタイルで、17世紀の贋メシアのシャバタイ・ツヴィを取り巻く出来事を描いた小説である。この作品の登場人物は、シンガーの他の作品の登場人物と同様、運命の気まぐれにしばしば翻弄されつつも、固有の情熱や狂気、偏見、妄執を失わない。後年の作品『奴隷』（1962年）でも17世紀を扱っているが、こちらはユダヤ人男性と非ユダヤ人女性の愛の物語である。 1940年代にはアメリカ生活の経験からも大きな影響を受けている点に特色がある。中世のイディッシュ民話から魔術・神秘・伝説などの題材を駆りながらも、そこに現代的なアイロニーを盛り込んでいるところに独創性があるといえよう。これらの主題は、奇妙なものやグロテスクなものとも関連している。 シンガーは18冊の長篇小説を出し、14冊のカフカの友人」（1970年）などの名作が収録されている。彼の作品世界は、ゲットーやシュテートルで貧困と迫害の中に生きる東欧のユダヤ人社会に舞台を取り、そこでは盲信や迷信が素朴な信仰や儀式と渾然一体になっている。喜びと苦しみ、粗野と繊細、そこでは全てが混沌としている。野卑で淫らでけばけばしい原色の世界に、英知や諧謔が溶け込んでいるところに魅力があるといえよう。Köy sakinleri köyleri için eski dönemde Dıhi Mezın ismini de kullanmışlardır. Bu deyim büyük köy anlamına gelmektedir. Köye ayrıca Berete'de denilmiştir. Berete Oymak anlamına gelmektedir. Bozoğlak köyü ve çevresinde İslamiyet’in hakimiyeti ilk olarak Sasaniler döneminde başlar. Daha sonra, Selçukluların Anadolu’yu ele geçirmesiyle Baskil ve yöresi uzun yıllar Artuklu Beyliğinin egemenliği altında kalmıştır. Yavuz Sultan Selim’in 1514 yılında düzenlediği doğu seferi sırasında Osmanlı İmparatorluğuna bağlanmıştır. Yine XVI YY Malatya kazası 1516-1560  Dr.Göknur Gögebakan kitabında Berete'de 1520'de ve 1530'da 35 hane, 10 kabile,  ve bir düşkün bakıma muhtaç ihtiyar, 1560'da 66 hane, 21 kabile olduğu belirtilmektedir. Köy geçmişi genelikle hayvancılıkla uğraşmaktadır. Köyde 1530'da 800, 1560'da 5000 civarı koyun bulunduğu belirtilmektedir.Hi I've put in the article I have as a temporary file. This is fairly long and involved a lot of work. But it eventually will need chemical drawings in places. But for now I need to know if it is acceptable as a good review of some imporants organic chemistry. Fine-tuning the article with drawings will take time but is not necessary at this point. In short, I don't want to re-do all this work. Improvements are possible but re-doing all of it is not reasonable. Thus do give advice, an opinion, regarding whether it is to be deleted. If it is, I will know not to do more work on it. As I've noted elsewhere, I submitted this as a result of several suggestions of people who liked the material and did not know all of it came from one source. Created a new article on Stephen Miles Hello I have posted an article on personal historian and solicit your feedback. I have added an article on Mutual Engagement and would appreciate feedback. Many thanks Hello, I've decided to try editing myself since I'm now co-hosting a meeting this spring with the Wikimedia Foundation on museum staff involved in editing wikipedi and have been feeling that I should at least have done it once.Τα δύο παιδιά θα γίνουν αντιπρόσωποι δύο εντελώς διαφορετικών κόσμων και θα κληθούν στο μέλλον να λάβουν αποφάσεις για ζωή και θάνατο του κόσμου που πιστεύουν. Θα γίνουν φίλοι, τρυφεροί εραστές, οργισμένοι εχθροί και η σχέση τους θα καθορίσει τη μοίρα του βασιλείου. Τα πράγματα θα περιπλέκουν ακόμη χειρότερα εξαιτίας των ατόμων που τους περιβάλουν, ακριβών φίλων και ορκισμένων εχθρών, που παίζουν σημαντικό ρόλο στις αποφάσεις τους, με την απειλή του εξωτερικού εχθρού να κρέμεται πάνω από τα κεφάλια τους. Η αφήγηση των γεγονότων γίνεται πότε από μηδενική εστίαση, και πότε σε πρώτο πρόσωπο από τις γυναίκες που περιέβαλλαν τον Αρθούρο. Κύρια αφηγήτρια είναι η Μοργκέιν, παρουσιασμένη όχι σαν αδίστακτη κακιά μάγισσα όπως συνηθίζεται, αλλά ως μια έξυπνη και δυναμική γυναίκα που κλήθηκε να επωμιστεί το βάρος της διατήρησης των αρχαίων παγανιστικών παραδόσεων σαν διάδοχος της Κυράς της Λίμνης.