Formal '''education in primary schools and 27 secondary schools. The University of Sheffield and Sheffield Hallam University combined bring 55,000 students to the city every year, including many from the Far East. As a result of its large student population, Sheffield has many bars, cafes, clubs, and shops as well as student housing to accommodate them. Sheffield has two Norton in the south, each operating as semi-autonomous constituents of Sheffield College. Longley Park Sixth Form College, opened in 2004. There are also seven private schools, most notably Sheffield High School for Girls. In 1648, Sheffield Castle was demolished and some of the stone was used to build a new grammar school in Townhead Street which became known as the Royal Sheffield Grammar School. It remained in use until 1825, when a new school was built in St George's Square. Many other schools were built in Sheffield during this period and some were very highly regarded, having taught some of the leading citizens of the country. Another first for Sheffield occurred after the passing of the Education Act of 1870. The first school to be built in England under the Act was Newhall School at Attercliffe in 1873. In the same year, Broomhall School was opened, quickly followed by Netherthorpe and Philadelphia. The following year the Central Schools were opened by Earl Spencer. They consisted of an infants' school, a junior school, a separate school for standards V and VI and a Higher School which was to give secondary education without actually saying so - as the Board did not then have full legal powers. Their aim was to provide candidates of university standard for Firth College. The Higher School is claimed to have been the first secondary school to be opened by a school board in England.リードヴォーカルおよびアコースティック・ギターはジョン・レノン、バッキングヴォーカルはポール・マッカートニー、シタールはジョージ・ハリスンがそれぞれ担当している。アルバム『ザ・ビートルズ・アンソロジー2』には別バージョン（お蔵入りになっていた第1テイク）が収録されている。 歌詞内容についてレノン自身は、ローリング・ストーン誌やプレイボーイ誌のインタビューで「当時の妻シンシアに気付かれないように、他の女性との浮気をかいたもの」と説明している。一見ふられたような歌詞にも受け取れるが、「it's time for bed（もう寝るね）」は「ベッドへ行きましょう」という意味にも取れ、後の間奏の間に情事があり、その後の歌詞は情事の後の会話として受け取ることもできる。最後の火をつけるラインはポールによるもので、ポールの解説によれば風呂で寝ることになってしまった復讐をするために、その場所を燃やしてしまうことにしたというもの。 音楽的には、シタールの使用や、メインモードチェンジが特徴である。