Japanese Philosophy has historically been a fusion of both indigenous Shinto and the continental religions, such as Buddhism and Confucianism.  Formerly heavily influenced by both Chinese philosophy and Indian philosophy, as with Mitogaku and Zen, much modern Japanese philosophy is now also influenced by Western Philosophy. As the Nara Buddhism has a strong aspect of the “making a safe country” thought, the Heian Buddhism brought not only national peace and security but also the personal this-world profit. Because they perform the severe ascetic practices, incantations and prayers in the mountains frequently, these Buddhism is called mikkyo. Kukai learned Chinese esoteric Buddhism and he initiated Japanese Shingon Buddhism. Saicho learned Chinese Tendai sect, and he assumed that the spirit of the Lotus Sutra was the core of Buddhism. In the late Heian era of a "sinful age", possibility of the relief in this world was denied, and a trend looking for a reincarnation to the Buddnists' paradise after the death rose. With the fashion of the “belief that Buddhism will decline during the latter days of this world”, Pure Land movements for relief to the Buddnists' paradise spread out. Kuya did play line of the countries and preached faith to the Amitabha. Nichiren Buddhism is an aggressive sect initiated by Nichiren. He preached that only the Lotus Sutra was the orthodox teaching. He advocated “attainment of Buddhahood during life” and “Rissho Ankoku” were realized by praying its title "nam-myo-horengekyo". Whereas the ancient and medieval thought of Japan was tied closely to rational Confucianism stimulated Kokugaku, Rangaku and the non-official popular thought after the middle Edo era. In the Edo era, Confucianism was the authorised study. Various schools of neo-Confucianism were popular. The foreigners of the late Tokugawa era. In contrast with the Zhu Xi school of neo-Confucianism, the Wang Yangming school of neo-Confucianism respecting practical ethics consistently monitored and oppressed by the Tokugawa shogunate because of criticisms for the socio-political conditions under the Tokugawa shogunate. The third schools of neo-Confucianism took consideration into the real intentions of original texts by ren” of Confucius and he respected "ren" as the love for another person and "truth" as pure consideration. In addition, deriving from his substantial studies of ancient Chinese classics, Ogyu Sorai insisted that original Confucian spirit is to rule the world and to save a citizen. In the middle of the Edo era, Kokugaku, the study of ancient Japanese thought and culture, became popular against foreign ideas such as Buddhism or Confucianism. By Sakoku policy of the Tokugawa shogunate, Edo intellectuals could not have any positive contact with Western civilization, and so Rangaku, Dutch learning, was the only window to the West. In Tafel Anatomie" into Japanese. Dutch learning unfolded to other Western studies such as British, French and American studies by the late Tokugawa era. The manner of "Japanese spirit, Western civilisation" was completed by Sakuma Shozan’s straightforward expression, "Eastern ethics and Western technology". Because Takano Choei and Watanabe Kazan of the person of Dutch learning criticized Sakoku strictly, they were oppressed by the Tokugawa shogunate. class discrimination and the difference between the rich and poor. Ninomiya Sontoku insisted that people must repay the virtues, which supported their existence, with own virtue. While the early modern Japanese thought developed in Sino- and Russo-Japanese wars, Japanese capitalism highly developed. Christianity and socialism developed and they tied to various social movements. In addition, nationalistic thought and study were formed while being opposed to foreign study. The thinkers of the early Meiji period advocated British Enlightenment derived from Western civil society. They attempted to criticise Japanese traditional authority and feudalism. However, they were finally in harmony with the government and accepted the modernization from the above due to missing in radicalness. In 1873, Mori Arinori formed Meirokusha. The people who gathered in this cultural association had much in common with points such as regarding practical learning as important, catching human characteristics practically and assuming the form of government that accepted the conditions of a country an ideal. Mori Arinori promoted national education as Minister of Education. Nishi Amane affirmed a human behaviour based on interest. Kato Hiroyuki threw away natural rights under influence of social Darwinism, and instead advocated the survival of the fittest. While members of Rousseau, freedom. However, concerning with Japanese situation, he pointed out the importance of Imperial Constitution should be gradually revised by the Diet. From the late period of Meiji to the power as the highest organ under the Meiji Constitution. Although his theory was widely acknowledged at first, he was politically suppressed by the military and the rightists afterwards. In 1911, Seitosha. She asked for awakening of women’s own and development of feminist movement. While Yosano Akiko denied gender difference, Raicho emphasised motherhood raising a child and she acknowledged the official aids for women to demonstrate their feminine ability. In 1920, Raicho formed a new association for women with Ichikawa Fusae and Oku Mumeo. Soon after their activities were successful in woman’s participating at political address, the association were broken up by an internal split. Later, Ichikawa formed a new one and continued a movement for female suffrage. It was Sino- and Russo-Japanese wars which brought capitalism and its contradiction to Japanese society. Many Japanese socialists were influenced from Christian humanism, and in that point they were deeply associated with Christianity. Christianity banned by the character building. About the time of Sino- and Russo-Japanese wars, Japan succeeded in capitalization through the Diet, however, he became a freedom on the principle of anarchism and unionism. He was recognized as a risky person by the government and he was assassinated by the military police in the disorder of the 1923 Great Kanto earthquake. Yanagi Muneyoshi and Orikuchi Shinobu.