1977-1981 заступник секретаря, а згодом секретар комітету комсомолу педінституту імені Горького. Працює асистентом, та займається викладацькою діяльністю. У 1981-1984 – навчається в аспірантурі. 1984-1986 – викладач кафедри історії. В 1986 захистив кандидатську дисертацію з питань партійної ідеології та ідейно-політичної пропаганди в молодіжних організаціях Другої світової війни. 1986 – 1989 – старший викладач кафедри історії. 1985 – 1995 – доцент кафедри історії. Активно займається адміністративною діяльністю.சிவவாக்கியர் என்பவர் ஒரு பதினெண் சித்தர்களில் ஒருவராக இவர் எண்ணப்படுகிறார். அவர் எந்நாட்டைச் சேர்ந்தவர் என்பதற்கு ஆதாரங்கள் அறியக் கிடைக்கவில்லை.  அவர் தமிழ் நாட்டைச் சேர்ந்தவர் என்னும் கருத்து பரவலாக உள்ளது. அவர் சித்தர் பாடல்கள் திரட்டில் இதுவரை 526 பாடல்கள் கிட்டியுள்ளன. இவருடடைய பாடல்களே மிக அதிகம் என்போரும் உண்டு. இவரைப் பற்றிய குறிப்புகள் அபிதான சிந்தாமணியிலும் தி.வி. சாம்பசிவம் பிள்ளை அவர்கள் எழுதிய தமிழ்-ஆங்கில மருத்துவ அகராதியிலும் உள்ளன. ஆனால் இவை இரண்டும் முற்றிலும் வேறுபடுகின்றன என்பதாலும் இக்கதைகளுக்குத் தக்க ஆதாரங்கள் ஏதும் இல்லை என்பதாலும், இவர் இயற்றிய பாடல்களை மட்டும் போற்றுகின்றனர். உடம்பு உயிர் எடுத்ததோ? உயிர் உடம்பு எடுத்ததோ?  உடம்பு உயிர் எடுத்த போது உருவம் ஏது?  உருத் தரிப்பதற்கு முன் உடல் கலந்தது எங்ஙனே?  கருத் தரிப்பதற்கு முன் காரணங்கள் எங்ஙனே?Immanuel Schools are Christian schools located in different areas of Reedley, California dedicated to religion and education. The schools offer a K-6 Immanuel Elementary school, a 7-8 Immanuel Junior High School, and a 9-12 Immanuel High School. Their mascot is the eagle and their school colors are red, white, and blue. Immanuel Academy was established as a four-year high school in 1944 and moved to the present location. It became a fully accredited secondary school in 1969 by the regional accrediting agency of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges. In 1973 the Board changed the name to Immanuel High School. In 1991, Immanuel Junior High School opened with grades 7-8. The Junior High campus is located on the northeast end of the Immanuel campus. Then in 1994, it was adopted by the Immanuel High School Board to change the schools' names to Immanuel Schools, to include both junior and senior high school. In 1999 an additional classroom was moved on to the junior high campus to accommodate a self-contained 6th grade class. In the year 2000, a second classroom was added to our 6th grade. Immanuel has continued to maintain a high scholastic standard and desires to improve the scope and quality of its educational program.