By early 1953, it was clear that Franklin would simply drop her DNA work at the end of her fellowship that summer, or even sooner due to illness. Linus Pauling had published a proposed but incorrect structure of DNA, making the same basic error that Watson and Crick had made a year earlier. Some of those working on DNA in the United Kingdom feared that Pauling would quickly solve the DNA structure once he recognized his error and put the backbones of the nucleotide chains on the outside of a model of DNA. After March 1952 Franklin concentrated on the x-ray data for the A-form of less hydrated DNA while Wilkins tried to work on the hydrated B-form. Wilkins was handicapped because Franklin had all of the good DNA. Wilkins got new DNA samples, but it was not as good as the original sample he had used in 1950 and which Franklin continued to use. Most of his new results were for biological samples like sperm cells, which seemed to also suggest a helical structure for DNA. In the middle of 1952 Wilkins had for a time abandoned further DNA work when Franklin reported to him that her results made her doubt the helical nature of the A-form. Wilkins feared that the data suggesting a helical structure might just be an artifact. In early 1953 Watson visited King's College and Wilkins showed him a high quality image of the B-form x-ray diffraction pattern, now nicknamed photo 51, that Franklin had produced in March 1952. With the knowledge that Pauling was working on DNA and had submitted a model of DNA for publication, Watson and Crick mounted one more concentrated effort to deduce the structure of DNA. Through Max Perutz, his thesis supervisor, Crick gained access to a progress report from King's College that included useful information from Franklin about the features of DNA she had deduced from her x-ray diffraction data. Watson and Crick published their proposed DNA double helical structure in a paper in the journal Nature in April 1953. In this paper Watson and Crick acknowledged that they had been "stimulated by.... the unpublished results and ideas" of Wilkins and Franklin. Wilkins and others went on to repeat and extend much of Franklin's work, and produced abundant evidence to support the helical model produced by Crick and Watson.Năm học 1922-1923 với 3 lớp, trường chuyển về phố Gốc Ngái. Thầy Nguyễn Văn Hiếu chuyển về Hà Nội từ năm 1923. Nhà trường có thêm các thầy Nguyễn Văn Bằng, Mai Phương, Nguyễn Gia Tường. Năm học 1923-1924 trường có 4 lớp. Cũng như các trường khác, nhà trường được sự trợ giúp của Hội Bảo trợ học đường. Trường chuyển ra địa điểm mới và theo Nghị định số 2419 lúc bấy giờ của toàn quyền Đông Dương ký ngày 23-09-1924, trường đổi tên là Cao đẳng tiểu học Pháp - Việt. Những năm 1925 - 1928 trường có thêm nhiều thầy dạy. Các thầy người Việt Nam, tính đến năm 1925 có thêm các thầy Trần Văn Hào, Trần Văn Chử, Vũ Tam Thám, Đỗ Hữu Phúc, Ngô Duy Cừ, Phạm văn Bảng, Đào Văn Định, Vũ Tam Tập, Phan Đình Nghiu, Nguyễn Văn Chính, Phạm Văn Nam, Nguyễn Như Loan, Nguyễn Quang Xương, Vũ Văn Roãn. Đến năm 1927 có thêm các thầy Phan Thế Roanh, Dương Quảng Hàm, cụ kép Phạm Cao Bạt, thân sinh nhà văn Phạm Cao Củng, được tạm tuyển dạy Hán Văn. Học sinh trường Thành Chung Nam Định có truyền thống học giỏi và yêu nước, chịu ảnh hưởng của các phong trào yêu nước và phòng trài cách mạng sớm lan tỏa vào trường từ những năm 1924, 1925. Gần nhất là phong trào công nhân trong thành phố đấu tranh đòi quyền con người. Nhiều sách báo đã xuất hiện trong nhà trường "L'annam" của Phan Văn Trường, "Le Paria", Người cùng khổ của Nguyễn Ái Quốc, báo Nhân đạo, "L'Humanite" của Đảng cộng sản Pháp rồi đến "Tuyên ngôn của đảng cộng sản".... Thầy trò chuyền nhau đọc. Có học trò chép và truyền nhau đọc. Tháng 11-1925 khi thực dân Pháp kết án cụ Phan Bội Châu, cụ tú Nguyễn Khắc Doanh, người Nam Trực, xin chết thay cụ Phan. Sự việc này đã được đăng trên các báo, đã gây tác động mạnh đến các học sinh và nhân dân. Toàn quyền Đông Dương Varen phải ân xá cho cụ Phan. Cũng năm ấy nhiều vùng miền Bắc bị lụt lớn, học sinh trường Thành Chung đã tổ chức diễn kịch lấy tiền trợ giúp những người bị nạn.  Ngày 11-3-1926 nhà yêu nước Phan Chu Trinh mất. Phong trào truy điệu và để tang cụ Phan từ Sài Gòn đã lan ra toàn quốc. Nhân dân Nam Định cũng đã đấu tranh đòi được tổ chức lễ truy điệu cụ Phan, nòng cốt là học sinh trường Thành Chung được các nhà nho và nhân dân nhà máy ủng hộ. Những người khởi xướng là Nguyễn Đức Cảnh, Nguyễn Khắc Lương, Đặng Xuân Khu, Nguyễn Tường Loan, Đặng Châu Tuệ, Nguyễn Văn Hoan.... Học sinh đã bãi khóa và tổ chức thành công lễ truy điệu.