ביוני 1804 מצב מלחמה הוכרז באופן רשמי. ב-8 ביוני 1804 כוח רוסי בפיקוד פאבל ציציאנוב יצאה לכיוון ירוואן. הקרבות סביב המצודה נמשכו כל הקיץ, אך הרוסים לא הצליחו לכבוש אותה. ב-4 בספטמבר 1804 לאור האבידות הגדולות הרוסים הפסיקו את המצור וחזרו לגאורגיה. בתחילת קורה ונכנס לשטח חאנות שירוואן. ב-27 בדצמבר 1805 השליט המקומי חתם על הסכם סיפוח לרוסיה. במקביל, הצי הרוסי בים הכספי התקדם לחופי באקו. השליט המקומי לא הסכים לעבור לחסות רוסית והחל מצור על העיר. למרות ההפגזות מהים והצלחות בנחיתות הכוחות הרוסים לא הצליחו לכבוש את העיר. לקראת 9 בספטמבר 1805 כוחות הצי עזבו את סביבות העיר.Setelah dari Oxford, ia dipanggil untuk masuk ke perhimpunan ahli hukum di Benazir, yang belakangan juga menjadi perdana menteri. In Foreign Minister. The issue of an autonomous East Pakistan continued to plague Yahya's Administration. In the elections held in 1970, the pro-autonomy Awami League won by a landslide in East Pakistan, capturing enough parliamentary seats to control any government that might be formed. On the other side, Bhutto's PPP captured the majority of seats in West Pakistan. When Bhutto delayed the transfer of power to the newly elected representatives in March 1971, public unrest erupted in East Pakistan. East Pakistani leaders demanded the establishment of an independent nation of Bangladesh, and the Pakistani Army cracked down on armed revolutionaries and massacred civilians in East Pakistan. He nationalized Pakistan's major industries, life insurance companies, and private schools and colleges. Although still a major landholder, dubbed by his opponents the "Raja of Lārkāna," Bhutto enacted tax relief for the country’s poorest agricultural workers and placed ceilings on land ownership.  During his tenure there was a massive transfer of resources towards the dominant rural economy by setting higher prices for agricultural products. The Karachi Nuclear Power Plant was inaugurated by Bhutto during his role as President  of Pakistan at the end of 1972. Long before, as Minister for Fuel, Power and National Resources, he has played a key role in setting up of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission. The Kahuta facility was also established by the Bhutto Administration.General Vandenberg graduated from the Air Service Flying School at Brooks Field, Texas, in February 1924, and from the Air Service Advanced Flying School at Kelly Field, Texas, in September 1924. His first assignment was with the Third Attack Group at Kelly Field, where he assumed command of the 90th Attack Squadron. In 1927, he became an instructor at the Air Corps Primary Flying School at March Field, Calif. He went to Schofield Barracks, Hawaii, in May 1929, to join the Sixth Pursuit Squadron, and assumed command of it the following November. Returning in September 1931, he was appointed a flying instructor at Randolph Field, Texas, and became a flight commander and deputy stage commander there in March 1933. He entered the Air Corps Tactical School at Maxwell Field, Ala., in August 1934, and graduated the following June. Two months later he enrolled in the Command and General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth, Kan., and completed the course in June 1936. He then became an instructor at the Air Corps Tactical School at Maxwell Field, where he taught until September 1936, when he entered the Army War College. After graduating from the War College in June 1939, General Vandenberg was assigned to the Plans Division in the Office of the Chief of Air Corps. A few months after the United States entered World War II, he became operations and training officer of the Air Staff. For his services in these two positions he received the Distinguished Service Medal.Stambuł jest siedzibą prawosławnych patriarchów Konstantynopola. Fanar. Dzielnica ta jest największym skupiskiem ludności greckiej w mieście. Ze względu na lokalizację siedziby patriarchatu zamieszkujący Fanar Grecy nie zostali wysiedleni do Grecji w latach 20. XX wieku wraz z całą pozostałą grecką ludnością Turcji. W Stambule w 1855 roku zmarł Adam Mickiewicz. Około Aten, a od Sparty. W 227 p.n.e. po azjatyckiej stronie miasta zaczęli się osiedlać Galowie. W Cesarstwem rzymskim. W Teodozjusza I, stolicą Cesarstwa Wschodniorzymskiego został Konstantynopol. W V wieku miasto otoczono nowymi murami. Za rządów cesarza Justyniana wybudowano Kościół kościoła prawosławnego. W Krzyżowcy, nie czyniąc szkód. Napływali również handlarze z Wenecji i Genui- powstała wtedy dzielnica Galata. Po zdobyciu i złupieniu krzyżowców, w latach Cesarstwa Łacińskiego. Odzyskany przez Michała VIII Paleologa, stracił jednak dawne znaczenie. Kolonia Galata przejęła zyski z handlu. Konstantynopol pustoszał, liczba ludności malała, budowle ulegały ruinie. Pod koniec XIV wieku pod mury miasta po raz pierwszy podeszli Osmanowie i zajęli okolice miasta. W Bajazyda I oblegały miasto, następne oblężenie miało miejsce w Murada II. Miasto zostało zdobyte przez Turków pod wodzą Mehmeda II I wojnie światowej alianckie.