Ladefoged died on January 24, 2006 at the age of 80 in hospital.  After a research trip to India, he had a safe flight from Bombay to London, England, but suffered a small stroke at Heathrow Airport. He was then taken to hospital, where he suffered a second, massive, stroke and died soon after. In the late 1950s, Ladefoged decided to work in the United States, but this required a Ph.D. degree.  The university registrar allowed him to count the three years that he was a member of the faculty. All he needed was to complete a thesis.  Ladefoged's dissertation was on the "nature of vowel quality," specifically on the cardinal vowels and their articulatory vs. auditory basis.  After consultation with and advice from David Abercrombie, the head of the Phonetics Department, Ladefoged took three papers that he had already published on aspects of vowel quality, and added an introductory survey.  He also appended some work that he had been doing on cardinal vowels with Daniel Jones, who had recently retired from the chair of phonetics at University College London.  Abercrombie arranged a grant enabling Jones to be a consultant on Ladefoged's project to study the acoustic quality of cardinal vowels, which enabled him an opportunity to work with the leading phonetician of the time.  The sets of vowels recorded under Jones’s supervision were made by his former pupils.  Although not very noteworthy, this part of his project provided an early example of the problems of analyzing vowels spectrographically. Another person whom Ladefoged was able to work with through David Abercrombie was David  Whitteridge, the Professor of Physiology, who was interested in the control of the respiratory system in speech.  Ladefoged started working in Whitteridge's lab, at first every Saturday morning, then for days at a time, and then longer and longer as they realized that the control of the respiratory muscles was no simple matter. Said Ladefoged, "It was really Whitteridge who taught me to be a scientist." Soon after moving to Los Angeles from Scotland to become an assistant professor at UCLA in 1962, Ladefoged had a brief career in Hollywood as the chief linguistic Oscar for the role of Professor Henry Higgins — to behave like a phonetician.  It is Ladefoged's voice that is heard producing the vowel sounds in the film.Để vẽ nên bức tranh này, Vinci đã gặp không ít khó khăn nhất là phải xử lý nhân vật Judas như thế nào. Để giải quyết khó khăn này, hàng ngày Vinci phải đi lang thang trong thành phố, quan sát cử chỉ, hành động của bọn tội phạm, lưu manh rồi vẽ đi vẽ lại hàng trăm bức vẽ Judas ở các tư thế khác nhau. Việc đi lung tung trong thành phố như vậy đã nảy sinh lòng nghi ngờ của bao người, trong đó có vị trưởng Tu viện. Sau đó, nhờ thị trưởng thành phố, Vinci đã giải quyết được hiểu lầm, và bức tranh ngày nay vẫn còn trên tường của tu viện. Leonardo tìm người mẫu rất công phu. Giữa hàng ngàn thanh niên, ông chọn được một chàng trai 19 tuổi có gương mặt thánh thiện, một nhân cách tinh khiết tuyệt đối để làm mẫu vẽ Chúa Jesus. Da Vinci làm việc không mệt mỏi suốt sáu tháng trước chàng trai, và hình ảnh Chúa Jesus được hiện trên bức vẽ. Sáu năm tiếp theo ông lần lượt vẽ xong 12 vị tông đồ, chỉ còn có Judas, vị môn đồ đã phản bội Chúa vì 30 đồng bạc, tương đương 16.96 đô la Mỹ và tương đương 254.400 đồng Việt Nam. Hoạ sĩ muốn tìm một người đàn ông có khuôn mặt hằn lên sự hám lợi, lừa lọc, đạo đức giả và cực kỳ tàn ác. Khuôn mặt đó phải toát lên tính cách của kẻ sẵn sàng bán đứng người bạn thân nhất, người thầy kính yêu nhất của chính mình...