O povoamento da região iniciou-se no século XVI, com a ocupação das margens do rio Macacu. A freguesia de Santo Antônio de Casseribu foi criada em 1647 e passa à categoria de vila e concelho em 1697, passando a chamar-se Santo Antônio de Sá. Em Porto das Caixas. Em 1898, Santana passou a designar-se Santana de Japuíba.โรงเรียนเฉลิมขวัญสตรี เดิมมีชื่อว่า โรงเรียนสตรีประจำมณฑลพิษณุโลก เปิดทำการเรียนการสอนครั้งแรกในปี พ.ศ. 2466 ในอดีตเปิดทำการเรียนการสอนตั้งแต่ชั้นอนุบาลไปจนถึงชั้นฝึกหัดครู ในปัจจุบันเปิดทำการเรียนการสอนเฉพาะชั้นมัธยมต้น-ปลายMontesa Honda is the Spanish production to Europe. This model went on to enter the 1951 International Six Days Enduro. The bike was entered in by the factory, being ridden by Bultó and G. Cavestany. In the early 1950s, Montesa entered many races in the 125cc class of road racing. These bikes featured six-speed, bolt on gearboxes, in semi-unit construction, with all gears running on needle-roller bearings. By 1956, these Montesa 125s were very competitive and took second, third and fourth places in the Ultra-Lightweight race at the Isle of Man TT.उनकी मृत्यु के बाद अरबों का साम्राज्य और जज़्बा बढ़ता ही गया । अरबों ने पहले मिस्र और उत्तरी अफ्रीका पर विजय हासिल की और फिर बैजेन्टाइन तथा फारसी साम्राज्यों को हराया । यूरोप में तो उन्हें विशेष सफलता नहीं मिली पर फारस में कुछ संघर्ष करने के बाद उन्हें जीत मिलने लगी । इसके बाद पूरब की दिशा में उनका साम्राज्य फेलता गया । सन् 1200 तक वे भारत तक पहुँच गए । अगले कई दिनों में मध्य एशिया, भारतीय प्रायद्वीप और मलेशिया तक उन्हें विजय मिली ।小泉改革的本丸郵政民營化法案，在眾議院以些微多數通過。但在參議員舉步維艱。日本国会参议院8月8日下午举行全体会议，以125票反对、108票赞成否决了邮政民营化相关法案。为挽回局面，日本首相小泉纯一郎决定解散众议院，于9月11日举行大选。他在參議院表決前曾警告，如參議院否決法案，將會解散眾議院。 前众议院议长绵贯民辅8月17日在东京举行记者招待会，宣布脱离自民党，并成立以他为首的国民新党，参加众议院选举。小泉纯一郎当晚在回答记者提问时表示，他不会和国民新党进行联合。 反对“邮政民营化改革相关法案”的日本自民党前众议院议员小林兴起等4人和长野县知事田中康夫8月21日在东京宣布组建新的政党“新党日本”，新党代表由田中康夫担任。 這次解散國會，稱為郵政解散。 反對的大臣包括總務大臣麻生太郎、經濟產業大臣中川昭一以及農林水產大臣島村宜伸。臨時內閣會議因而中斷超過兩小時。最後麻生太郎及中川昭一被小泉勸服副署，但由於島村宜伸仍然拒絕副署被小泉罷免，小泉自行兼任農林水產大臣（後來由副大臣岩永峰一繼任）。同時在臨時內閣會議中，亦決定罷免在參議院會議中對郵政民營化法案投反對票的防衛政務官柏村武昭。 小泉純一郎在記者會上說：“今次的解散是「郵政解散」，贊成反對與否直接訴諸國民”他並表示，如果自民黨與公明黨的自公聯盟在國會選舉中得不到過半他會下台。亦有人把這此解散稱為「自爆襲擊解散」（因為國會選舉日期於9月11日，在2001年在美國受到恐怖襲擊。）