1934年，英國郵政大臣（United Kingdom Postmaster General）宣佈：所有寄往國外的一級皇家郵政（Royal Mail）均通過空運寄送。就如同十多年前美國制定的國內政策一樣，這有效的為發展跨洲際空中運輸建立了一個補貼機制，做為對此的反應，帝國航空公司（Imperial Airways）宣布在航空製造商間舉行一次競賽，要他們設計並生產28架水上飛機，每一架都要載重18英噸（18.2公噸），並能運載24名乘客飛行700英里（1100公里）。 這個合同幾乎直接就給了位於肯特郡的羅徹斯特的肖特兄弟公司，儘管肖特兄弟公司有著長期為軍隊和帝國航空製造水上飛機的歷史，但他們從來沒有提出這樣尺寸和難度的要求。但是由於商業機會是如此誘人，公司的掌舵人Oswald Short進行一個快速流程以提出一個遠遠超出他們以前製造的水上飛機的設計。 當第一架S.23正在進行研發時，英國空軍部制定了純軍用版的大型肖特水上飛機的規範，這是1933年的Air Ministry Specification R.2/33規範，它被稱為下一代的遠洋偵察水上飛機。新飛機必須有4台引擎，但可以是單翼機也可以是雙翼機。 R.2/33規範大約與帝國航空的需求同時發出，當肖特兄弟公司繼續進行S.23的研發工作的同時，他們也在一個相對低的優先級上對空軍部的要求進行回應。軍用水上飛機衍生型被稱為S.25，設計於1934年遞交給空軍部。 Saunders-Roe也設計了一架水上飛機——Saro A.33，用來R.2/33規範的競爭，空軍部同時訂購了S.25和A.33的原型機用於評估。 與S.23一樣，桑德蘭的機身有兩層甲板，在下層甲板有6個鋪位，一個有著兩個便攜式煤油爐（portable stove）的廚房，一個遊艇風格的陶瓷抽水馬桶廁所，一個拋錨絞車和一個可在飛行中進行維修的小型機修車間。最初計劃的機組成員為7人，在後來的版本中增加到11名甚至更多。 地勤人員可以直接附加上手動式登陸輪架，因此飛機可以被拖到陸地上。輪架由可直接附加在機翼下方機身兩側的2個2輪支柱和一個附加在船殼後部2輪或4輪的牽引車和牽引桿組成。 飛機可以使用附加在前機身下龍骨上的掛件（pendant）系留在浮筒（buoy）上。當飛機從浮筒上脫離後，掛件的前端就掛在投彈手窗正下方的前船身上。在前機身可伸縮炮塔那裡設有一個可拆卸的系船樁，當炮塔收回後，那裡會有一個機組人員進入的空間，他可以在那裡收回浮標或拋下錨。Many Icelanders regard Steinn Steinarr as their greatest poet, although he remains almost unknown outside of Iceland, due perhaps to a lack of effective translations of his poetry. In 2008, 100 years after his birth and 50 years after his death, he is beginning to gain popularity outside of Iceland. Not only is he wildly popular among Iceland’s youth, but international interest in his poetry is growing. Alli’s second lucky break came in the person of a widely beloved Icelandic poet, Stefán frá Hvítadal, who happened to live in his county. When he heard some of the boy’s “poetry” he urged his foster family not to punish but to encourage him. One of his teachers, a talented young poet, Jóhannes úr Kötlum, agreed. But poetry was a luxury for a destitute farm boy. In 1926, at the age of 18, he moved to Reykjavik. Penniless and friendless in the fast-growing capital, he was determined to make good. Despite his aversion to physical work he swallowed his pride and labored day and night in the burgeoning building industry. His reward was a serious attack of polio that left him with a paralyzed left side. Once again Stefán came to his rescue. He took him to his friend Erlendur who ran the "infamous" Unuhús coffee-house, a hangout for radical, avant-garde artists and thinkers. It was there that a new generation of well-known left wing writers, including Halldór Laxness and Þórbergur Þórðarson, met and discussed the fate of their nation and the world. Stefán and Laxness were fervent Catholics and urged their protégé to follow suit. Just then the Great Depression hit Iceland like a tidal wave. Along with some of his Unuhús friends he was present when the Communist Party of Iceland saw its first light of day towards the end of 1930. Just then – by a strange coincidence - his only childhood friend drowned when his fishing boat went down in a storm. Alli’s first official poem was a eulogy to his former ally. Soon Iceland was sinking into chaos. After a riot ripped the capital apart in 1932 he got involved in the workers’ struggle. A year later he and a group of men trampled on a Nazi flag in a fishing village in the north of the country. The case went all the way to the Supreme Court. Despite the two-month suspended jail sentence, his comrades, amazingly, used this opportunity to oust him from the Communist Party. He never forgave them. Ever since Iceland had obtained its independence from Denmark in degenerate" and anyone who opposed him a “Communist”. Meanwhile, thanks to the war, avant-garde artists from around the world were returning home in droves full of new and revolutionary ideas, dying to turn this cultural backwater upside down. Among the newcomers were two young and attractive abstract painters, Louisa Matthíasdóttir and Nína Tryggvadóttir, fresh from their studies in Paris. Erlendur suggested that Steinn model for Nína. Through Nína he soon met and modeled for Louisa. Before long Steinn and “his girls” were the talk of town.Đan Mạch là một quốc gia quân chủ lập hiến với thể chế đại nghị. Đan Mạch có một chính phủ cấp quốc gia và chính quyền địa phương ở 98 khu tự quản. Đan Mạch là thành viên của Liên minh châu Âu từ năm 1973, mặc dù không thuộc khu vực đồng Euro. Đan Mạch là thành viên sáng lập của NATO và OECD. Những khối băng lớn của thời kì băng hà đã hình thành nên Đan Mạch ngày nay. Một vành đai băng cổ đã chia cắt phần đông và tây của Jutland. Trên đảo Inuit. Thủ phủ của Greenland là Nuuk. Từ năm 1380 hòn đảo này là thuộc địa của Đan Mạch, từ năm 1953 nó trở thành một lãnh thổ tự trị thuộc Đan Mạch. Cách nay khoảng 6.000 năm thì bắt đầu thời đại đồ đá của người săn bắt, dần dần thay thế bằng thời đại đồ đá của nông dân, sau đó là thời đại đồ đồng, rồi thời đại đồ sắt.ในสมัยของอาณาจักรจามปา บริเวณนี้เคยเป็นเมืองท่าบนปากแม่น้ำทูโบน ซึ่งมีชื่อว่า ไฮโฟ โดยเป็นศูนย์กลางทางการค้าในช่วงคริสต์ศตวรรษที่ 16-17 มีชาวต่างชาติมาตั้งถิ่นฐานและค้าขายในเมืองนี้เป็นจำนวนมาก ทั้งชาวจีน ญี่ปุ่น ดัตช์ และอินเดีย เดิมทีเมืองนี้ถูกแบ่งออกเป็นสองฝั่งโดยมีคลองสายหนึ่งคั่นอยู่กลางเมือง มีสะพานญี่ปุ่นทอดข้ามคลองเพื่อกั้นแบ่งเขตชุมชนของชาวญี่ปุ่นที่อีกฝั่งหนึ่งของคลอง ตัวสะพานสร้างโดยชาวญี่ปุ่น มีลักษณะสถาปัตยกรรมเป็นเอกลักษณ์เฉพาะตัวkemije, ki z znanstvenimi metodami preučuje zgradbo, lastnosti, sestavo, pripravo in reakcije spojin. Spojine lahko poleg ogljika vsebujejo tudi druge elemente, med katerimi so najbolj pogosti halogenii elementi, anorganskim spojinam. Naziv "organska" kemija je posledica napačnega sklepanja, da so organske spojine vezane izključno na nek življenjski proces. Organske molekule seveda lahko nastajajo tudi izven živih organizmov in ne samo to. Življenje je odvisno tudi od anorganske kemije. Mnogi prehodne kovine, na primer železo in baker, kosti in zobje pa so zgrajeni delno iz organskih delno iz anorganskih spojin. Posebno področje organske kemije je nukleinskih kislin. Spojine z večimi ogljikovimi atomi so zaradi svojih specifičnih lastnosti zelo raznolike in imajo izredno široko področje uporabe. Organske spojine so osnova hrane, zdravil, barvil, plastičnih mas itd. in, razen redkih izjem, osnova vseh življenjskih procesov. Na začetku 19. stoletja je med kemiki še vedno prevladovalo mnenje, da so spojine iz živih organizmov preveč zapletene, da bi se jih dalo sintetizirati iz neživih snovi in da je za njihovo sintezo potrebna "življenjska sila" oziroma vitalizem, ki je lastnost živih bitij. Spojine so zato imenovali "organske", svoje raziskovanje pa so preusmerili na anorganske spojine, ki so se jim zdele bolj obetavne. Naslednji velik korak v razvoju organske kemije je naredil William Henry Perkin, ki je leta 1856 med poskusi sintetiziranja kinina po naključju odkril prvo sintetsko organsko barvilo movein ali anilinski purpur. Barvilo se po njem imenuje tudi Perkinov purpur. Njegovo odkritje je prineslo velike finančne dobičke, kar je močno povečalo zanimanje za organsko kemijo.