Keith Sutton was born in Dulwich on May 29 1924, the younger son of George William Sutton and Audrey Pearl Dewar.  He was educated at Rutlish School, Merton, leaving at age 16 to attend Wimbledon School of Art.  Called up into the RNVR in July 1943, he served until January 1947 as acting sub-lieutenant.  On release he returned to Wimbledon until he won the Alfred Rich scholarship to the Slade School in 1948.  Fellow students in his year included Martin Froy and Peter Snow, while he formed particular friendships with entrants the following year including Victor Willing and Michael Andrews and, later, Paula Rego.  He was awarded the Tonks prize for drawing, gained his Diploma in 1951 and then stayed on for an extra year. In the 1950s there were few openings for young artists apart from teaching and Sutton took up several such opportunities during the next few years while always continuing to paint and draw.  He would sometimes stay with Victor Willing and his first wife Hazel at Shalford, near Guildford and there are landscapes and drawings from there.  By 1955 he was writing art criticism for Art News and Review and this continued until 1957. In February-March 1958 he had his first one-man show at the Galerie de Seine in West Halkin Street.  He showed twenty four paintings dating from the previous three or four years as well as a portfolio of drawings.  There were favourable reviews and some sales though several paintings remain to the estate.  In 1959 he carried out a commission for two glass mosaic murals for the A.E.I. Research Laboratories at Harlow.また、この景気を下支えしたのが外資系企業である。彼らの積極的な投資は、大都市の不動産市場（REIT）を盛り上げた。そのため、景気後半では、輸出に関わらない企業（特に不動産・建設）でも過去最高の売上高を記録していった。また、これは証券市場においても同様で、それを受けて多くのM&A（企業の合併・買収）が行われた。一方で、彼らの増加は、株主総会で「もの言う株主」を招き、企業はこれに対応するため、配当金を増やしていった。 この景気拡大期では、六本木ヒルズ族やワーキングプアに代表される、いわゆる格差社会論争が沸き起こった。また、デジタルカメラ、DVDレコーダー、薄型テレビのいわゆる「デジタル三種の神器」の需要が急速に伸び始めたことから、景気回復基調が鮮明となってきた2003年春頃から暫くの間はデジタル景気と呼ばれ、マスコミの注目を浴びた。 一度目の「踊り場」は、新型肺炎（SARS）も追い打ちをかけたことが挙げられる。しかし、イラク戦争の終結などで輸出が回復し、企業部門が持ち直したため、この踊り場をくぐり抜けることができた。 二度目の「踊り場」は、アテネオリンピック前に薄型テレビが売れた反動もあり、世界的な在庫調整が起きたことによるものだったが、今回も調整一巡後に脱却した。Она што Ана Дурловски уште од самиот почеток на кариерата ја направи различна од другите пеачи, не беше само долгата висока, блескава колоратура и перфектното легато, туку и нејзиниот моќен глас. На сцената на Македонската Опера и Балет како Лучија ди Ламермур дебитираше во 2000 година. Оттогаш, со својот брилијантен тембр кој неможе да го засени ниту песната на птиците ги обои креациите на Адела во Лилјакот, Розина во Севилскиот берберин, Кралицата на ноќта во Волшебната флејта, Дона Ана во Дон Џовани и други. Ана Дурловски е родена 1978 во Штип, Македонија. Од 1997 - 2001 студирала на Факултетот за музичка уметност во Скопје, во класата на проф. Биљана Јовановска Јакимовска.