Tazuo Basho Yamaguchi is a Japanese American poet/filmmaker, and a two time national head to head English form of haiku and senryū. Born to Edward and Betty Yamaguchi on September 2, 1966 in Tokyo, Japan. Direct descent to Shigin Poets and Royal Samurai. He has published 4 books of poetry, 6 recorded volumes, and produced 2002–2007 national Poetry Slam dvds. Born to Japanese American Family with direct royal descent of the royal shigin poets and Samurai Class of ancient Japan. Tazuo was named after his master shigin  poet grandmother Tazue Sakaguchi.  Diagnosed with bone cancer at the age of eleven and told he needed amputation of his left arm. He was given only seven more years to live, but overcame all odds through alternative methods of healing and incredible faith of his mother. In 1991, Yamaguchi earned a position out of 8000 applicants from around the world to work with Star Wars creator George Lucas on several innovative educational entertainment based projects. During this year and half residency working for LucasFilm Ltd. He discovered the power of mythic storytelling through the digital mediums of the 21st century. From 1992–1995, Yamaguchi ran a Bay Area based company called Xstudios that innovated in emerging digital technologies i.e. Interactive Multimedia, computer based training He was one of the forefront leaders of the multimedia revolution of the SF Bay Area. Where the traditional arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to integrate with emerging digital technologies. In 1996, Yamaguchi participated in the 15th annual Portland Oregon to the 1996 National Poetry Slam. He filmed most of the event and participated in a competition of Haiku a genre of poetry he had practiced since grade school and became the "1996 National Head to Head Haiku Champion." He also collaborates with Paul Devlin 'national sport videographer/editor on the famous Saul Williams classic Slam Nation. In 1997, Yamaguchi help bring the famous Chicago "poetry slam" to the northern state of California. He formed the first ever National "poetry slam" team from northern California with members - sacramento based jazz poet  Mario Ellis Hill. chico's punk poet Matt Rouse, and bluesman from Grass Valley - John Barbato. He and the team attended the 1997 National Poetry Slam in Connecticut and filmed a majority of the competition.Zanimljivo je da nije želio postati Malcolmu X. - Ta je udruga bila moja prva ruka koja me vodila. Majka je radila toliko mnogo da sam je jedva viđao, a susreti s ocem bivali su sve rjeđi, pa sam svu snagu crpio iz kluba koji su vodili prekrasni ljudi i kojima danas, posredno, dugujem sve što sam postigao - priznaje Washington. - Kad glumite stvarnu osobu, imate znatno veću odgovornost, barem sam ja to tako doživio. Biko je čovjek kojem sam se iskreno divio i bilo mi je silno stalo da njegov lik što bolje približim publici - izjavio je Washington nakon stoje za tu ulogu bio nominiran za Oscara. - Tek kad sam upoznao Paulettu, shvatio sam smisao drevnog kineskog sustava yina i yanga. Čovjek postaje kompletno biće tek kada nađe nekoga s kim život poprima puni smisao. A ja sam imao tu sreću i imam je i danas - priznao je.Neuvonantajat muistuttavat fyysiseltä olomuodoltaan kasvoja" peittää omituinen hengityslaite. Hengityslaite on kiinnitetty letkuun, joka ei kuitenkaan johda minkäänlaiseen näkyvään säiliöön. Neuvonantajilla ei ole kasvonpiirteitä, koska niillä ei ole näkyviä kieli, jonka avulla ne pystyvät tappamaan ihmisen lävistämällä uhrinsa pään takaapäin. Kieli on lähtöisin hengityslaitteen takana paljastuvasta aukosta, joka on luultavasti neuvonantajan "suu". Jokaisella neuvonantajalla on neulottu oliivinvihreä puku, joka peittää niiden kehoja, paitsi päätä ja ruumiin takaosaa. Puvussa on myös musta kaulus, joka koristeltu kultaisilla hieroglyfeillä. Neuvonantajat ovat todennäköisesti sokeita ja kuuroja, ja ne eivät edes pysty käsittelemään esineitä ja liikkumaan omilla ruumiinvoimillaan. Ne ovat kehittyneet riippuvaisiksi mekaanisista apulaitteistaan, joita ilman neuvonantajat eivät todennäköisesti pystyisi säilymään hengissä. Syyt Combinen haluun hallita Maata ovat tietämättömiä, paitsi Maan luonnonvarojen loppuun kuluttaminen, ihmisten teleporttiteknologian selville saaminen sekä Maan hallitsevan lajin - ihmisten - orjuuttaminen ja hyväksikäyttö, joko pakkotyössä tai asepalveluksessa, huomioonottaen, että sotilaita, jotka epäonnistuvat pelin aikana Gordonin tappamisessa/vangitsemisessa, uhataan pysyvällä palveluksella syrjäisessä maailmassa. Tämä malli, sekä muutamat datatiedostoista löytyvät oudot äänet, viittaavat, että tämä "aivopesumuotoinen" muistin muuntelu on tärkeä osa transhumaaneja toimenpiteitä. Muistinpyyhkimisprosessit, Combinen propaganda, ja muistin muuntelu johtavat sotilaaseen, joka on kykenemätön kapinoimaan Combinen vaikutusvaltaa vastaan, ja se mahdollistaa myös sotilastaustattomien transhumaanien koulutuksen, jotta ne voisivat tulla osaksi Overwatchin sotavoimia.