იოანე მდუმარე - მართლმადიდებელი ეკლესიის წმინდანი, ხსენების დღე   არის ძველი სტილით 3  დეკემბერი, 30 მარტი და 7 დეკემბერი ახალი სტილით - 16 დეკემბერი, 12 აპრილი და 20 დეკემბერი. ღირსი იოანე მდუმარე დაახლოებით 454 წელს დაიბადა სომხეთის ნიკოპოლში, მხედართმთავარ ენკრატიუსისა და მისი მეუღლის, ეფემიას ოჯახში. ყმაწვილმა ადრევე დაიწყო წმიდა წერილის შესწავლა და მთელი გულით შეიყვარა განმარტოება და ლოცვა. მშობლების გარდაცვალების შემდეგ მემკვიდრეობით მიღებული ქონებით იოანემ ყოვლადწმიდა ღვთისმშობლის სახელობის ეკლესია ააგო. თვრამეტი წლის ასაკიდან ნეტარი სხვა ათ ბერთან ერთად ამ ტაძართან ცხოვრობდა. ქალაქ კოლონის მკვიდრთა თხოვნით სებასტიელმა მიტროპოლიტმა ოცდარვა წლის იოანეს ეპისკოპოსად დაასხა ხელი. წმინდანი მწყემსმთავრად დადგინების შემდეგაც უწინდებურად ასკეტურად ცხოვრობდა.For the people of Shandong, see Shandong people After the Three Kingdoms period, a brief period of unity under the Western Jin Dynasty gave way to invasions by nomadic peoples from the north. Northern China, including Shandong, was overrun. Over the next century or so Shandong changed hands several times, falling to the Later Zhao, then Former Yan, then Former Qin, then Later Yan, then Southern Yan, then the Liu Song Dynasty, and finally the Northern Wei Dynasty, the first of the Northern Dynasties during the Northern and Southern Dynasties Period. Shandong stayed with the Northern Dynasties for the rest of this period. In 412, the Chinese Buddhist monk Laoshan, on the southern edge of the Shandong peninsula, and proceeded to Qingzhou to edit and translate the scriptures he had brought back from India. Shandong was one of the first places in which the Boxer Rebellion started and became one of the centers of the uprising. In 1899, the Qing-Dynasty general Yuan Shikai was appointed as governor of the province to suppress the uprising. He held the post for 3 years. The return of control over Shandong fell into the Northern Expedition. He was succeeded by Han Fuju, who was loyal to the warlord Feng Yuxiang but later switched his allegiance to the Nanjing government headed by Chiang Kai-Shek. Han Fuju also ousted the warlord Liu Zhennian, nicknamed the "King of Shandong East", who ruled eastern Shandong Province, hence unifying the province under his rule. In 1937 Japan began its invasion of China proper in the Second Sino-Japanese War, which would eventually become part of the Pacific theatre of the Second World War. Han Fuju was made Deputy Commander in Chief of the 5th War Area and put in charge defending the lower Yellow River valley. However, he abandoned his base in Jinan when the Japanese crossed the Yellow River. He was executed for not following orders shortly thereafter. Under the new government, parts of western Shandong was initially given to the short-lived Pingyuan Province, but this did not last. Shandong also acquired the Xuzhou and Lianyungang areas from Jiangsu province, but this did not last either. For the most part Shandong has kept the same borders that it has today. In recent years Shandong, especially eastern Shandong, has enjoyed significant economic development, becoming one of the richest provinces of the People's Republic of China.