Karen Ball is a character in the British sitcom Green Wing, played by Lucinda Raikes. Karen works in the Dr. Alan Statham) or worrying too much about her age. Karen has been described as "the runt" in HR. For starters, Kim and Rachel are always trying to mock her, remarking about her looks or her loneliness. If she is not working, then she is getting coffee for the others, and if she is not getting coffee for the others, then she has probably got herself into a problem, such as getting her hair trapped in the printer. Her only previous relationship was with a man call Tim, whom she left because he said that Karen had a furry face, and also because he thought they were not sexually compatible. Instead they just laid naked together. When Joanna goes on the run, the HR staff run riot. Karen, Kim and Rachel interview male members of staff by asking them to take off their trousers. Soon, a feral tribe forms. Karen is last seen with the other office girls, taking a kidnapped Martin into Joanna's office. The only member of staff who is in any way attracted to Martin is Karen. She even goes as far as to write a poem about him. Why Karen finds him attractive is not really known, but she tries to make herself attractive. Martin is too often busy being attracted to Caroline to pay attention to Karen. Eventually, Karen and Martin do have a relationship. Martin later tells Boyce that Karen is somewhat oversexed, which leads to Martin making several attempts to dump her. However, most of the attempts fail, or Martin changes his mind at the last minute. Their relationship finally ends when Karen sees him with a prostitute after Martin mistakenly becomes her pimp. Guy also makes fun of Martin for dating Karen, such as implying Karen is an ugly troll, which she overhears, but she still accepts Martin's present of make-up.סרגל חישוב הוא מכשיר מכני לעריכת מחשבון המדעי הפך את הסרגל למיושן, וחדלו לייצרו. בצורתו הבסיסית ביותר, סרגל החישוב משתמש בשתי סקאלות לוגריתמיות על מנת לאפשר לוגריתמים ופונקציות טריגונומטריות. חישובים מתמטיים מתבצעים בסרגל החישוב באמצעות יישור הסימן על הרצועה המרכזית הנעה של הסרגל עם סימן המצוי על גבי אחת הרצועות הקבועות. אז יש לבחון את המיקומים היחסיים של סימונים אחרים על גבי הרצועות. מספרים אשר מיושרים עם הסימונים מספקים את הערך המקורב של התוצאה. לרוב החלוקות שעל הסקאלה מדויקות עד כדי שתי ספרות משמעותיות. המשתמש צריך להעריך מהי הספרה השלישית. לחלק מסרגלי החישוב המקצועיים יותר יש סמנים בעלי יכולת הגדלה כדי לאפשר יכולת טובה יותר להבחין בסימונים. סמנים כאלה עשויים להכפיל את הדיוק בקריאת הסימונים. קיימות מספר התחכמויות אשר עשויות לאפשר שימוש נוח יותר. סקאלות טריגונומטריות הן לעתים בעלות סימון כפול, באדום ובשחור בצירוף זוויות משלימות. סרגלי duplex לרוב מעתיקים חלק מהסקאלות לצד האחורי. הסקאלות לרוב מפוצלות על מנת להשיג דיוק רב יותר. סרגלים עגולים קשיחים יותר וזזים באופן חלק ומדויק יותר מסרגלים ישרים. הסיבה לכך טמונה בתלותם בציר מרכזי יחיד. הציר המרכזי מונע שריטות של פני הסרגל ושל הסמנים הנלווים. הסקאלות המדויקות ביותר ממוקמות קרוב לשפה החיצונית. במקום לפצל את הסקאלות, סרגלים עגולים משתמשים בסקאלות ספירליות עבור סקאלות לוג של לוג. החסרון הטכני הבולט של סרגלים עגולים הוא שסקאלות פחות חשובות ממוקמות קרוב למרכז ובעלות דיוק קטן יותר. היסטורית, החיסרון של סרגלים עגולים הייתה העובדה שהם לא היו סטנדרטיים. רוב הסטודנטים למדו לחשב באמצעות סרגלים ישרים ולא ראו סיבה לשנות הרגל זה. בשנת 1677, הנרי קוגשאל יצר סרגל מתקפל ארוך עבור מדידת עצים המכונה סרגל החישוב של קוגשל.העיצוב של הסרגל והשימוש שנעשה בו נתנו לסרגל החישוב מטרה שהייתה מעבר לשימוש מתמטי גרידא. בשנת דקאדות ובשנת 1755 אוורארד הדגים סקאלה הפוכה. סרגל חישוב המכיל את כל הסקאלות האלה קרוי לרוב סרגל "פוליפייז".