बंगलोर के लाल बाग' में कई एकड़ क्षेत्र में फैले लॉन, दूर तक फैली हरियाली, सैंकड़ों वर्ष पुराने पेड़, सुंदर झीलें, कमल के तालाब, गुलाबों की क्यारियाँ, दुर्लभ समशीतोष्ण और शीतोष्ण पौधे, सजावटी फूल पर्यटकों को अपनी ओर आकर्षित करते हैं। यहाँ प्रकृति मनुष्य के साथ साक्षात्कार करती है। यह स्थान बंगलोर के सुंदरतम स्थानों में से एक है जिसे लाल बाग बॉटनिकल गार्डन, या लाल बाग वनस्पति उद्यान कहते हैं। यह २४० एकड़ क्षेत्र में फैला हुआ है। १७६० में इसकी नींव हैदर अली ने रखी और टीपू सुल्तान ने इसका विकास किया। लालबाग के बीचोबीच शीशा निर्मित एक बड़ा ग्लास-हाउस है जहां वर्ष में दो बार, जनवरी और अगस्त में पुष्प प्रदर्शनी का आयोजन किया जाता है। पार्क के भीतर ही एक डीयर- एंक्लेव भी है। इस सुंदर दृश्यावली वाले उद्यान में अक्सर फिल्मों की शूटिंग होती रहती है। The Lalbagh Botanical Garden, Bangalore is of royal origin and was started initially as a private garden in an area of 40 acres by Hyder Ali, one of the most famous rulers of old Mysore in 1760. Initially designed in Mughal style, on the model of an extensive garden at Sira in Tumkur near Bangalore, this garden was further developed by Hyder Ali’s son Tipu Sultan and subsequently by the British and Indian doyens of horticulture by extension of area and addition of a number of plant species. Of them, Major Waugh, Dr. Wallich, William Munroe, Sir Mark Cubbon, Dr. Cleghorn, William New, A. Blck, John Cameron, Krumbeigal, Rao Bahadur H.C. Javaraya, K. Nanjappa and Dr. M.H. Marigowda, as the Superintendents of the garden, have made noteworthy contributions to the development of Lalbagh. Lalbagh is currently under the aegis of the Directorate of Horticulture, Government of Karnataka. The Directorate is housed amidst the splendid environs of the botanical garden. Lalbagh was given the status of a Government Botanical Garden in 1856, and since then, it has been an internationally renowned centre for scientific study of plants and botanical artwork and also conservation of plants. Formal and informal styles dominate the garden in perfect harmony, which is a testimony to the beauty of nature. Today, the garden is a lush green paradise with an area of 240 acres in the heart of the city. The Garden The garden with well-laid out roads, paths, open spaces, shade and a good collection of many types of plant species attracts a large number of visitors. Lalbagh is well protected with stone walls as enclosures and it has four approach gates. The main gate is at the North facing towards Subbaiah circle, the West gate is towards Basavanagudi, the South gate is towards Jayanagar and the East gate is towards the Double Road. Plant wealth Some of the exotic species introduced from different parts of the world include Agathis sp., Amherstia nobilis, Araucaria sp., Averrhoa bilimbi, Bambusa sp., Bixa orellana, Brownea grandiceps, Castanospermum australe, Cola acuminata, Corypha umbraculifera, Couroupita guianensis, Cupressus sp., Eriobotrya japonica, Magnolia sp., Swietenia mahagoni etc. Indigeneous species such as Artocarpus heterophyllus, Bombax ceiba, Butea monosperma, Cassia fistula , Dillenia indica, Ficus sp., Lagerstromia speciosa, Michelia champaca, Mesua ferrea etc., can be seen. In addition, a number of ornamental and economic plant species both of exotic and indigenous origin can be found in Lalbagh. Locations of Interest Of the many artistic structures in Lalbagh, the Glass House is the most famous. In the necklace of Bangalore’s gardens, Lalbagh is a pendant and in the centre of this pendant is the glass house in the form of a diamond. It was built in 1889 during the administration of Sri John Cameron to commemorate the visit of Prince of Wales. Designed on the lines of the Crystal Palace of England, it was intended for acclimatizing the exotic plant specimens. Today, as the jewel of Lalbagh, it is the centre stage for holding the famous biannual flower shows. The plant wealth, distributed in various sections such as the arboretum, erythrina plot, topiary, rosary, centenary garden, economic garden, fruit garden, floral clock, cypress lawn, aviary shade garden, terrace garden, statue garden, band stand garden, ficus lawn, fern house, rockeries, lotus pond, magnolia lawn, japanese garden, pencil cedar avenue, cacti house, indoor garden, orchid house, and a collection of crotons, bougainvilleas, palms, aquatics, aroids, bamboos, etc., are worth seeing. The tree fossil is another object of interest in Lalbagh. Education Lalbagh is an important centre of dissemination of knowledge of plants having ornamental, environmental and economic value. Regular training courses on fruit and vegetable processing, mushroom cultivation and ornamental gardening and horticulture are offered to the public by the Department of Horticulture. The Dr. M.H. Marigowda National Horticulture Library is a reference library with a good collection of books on horticulture and allied subjects. Location and access Lalbagh Botanical Garden is located in the heart of the city, about 4 km from the State Legislature – the Vidhana Soudha. Most parts of the garden is surrounded by different blocks of the beautiful residential layout – Jayanagar. The city buses plying to Jayanagar and localities beyond Jayanagar stop at one or other approach gates of Lalbagh. The garden is accessible through four gates. Vehicles are allowed only through the East gate towards the Double Road. There is ample parking space on entering through this gate. Vehicular movement inside the garden is restricted. Access to the Directorate of Horticulture and related offices is through the main gate. HOPCOMS, MHS and BNCS offices are easily accessible through the Double Road gate. Opening times Facilities All major buildings and important locations in the garden are accessible through well laid out roads and pathways. Training Scheduled courses on Horticulture, Post Harvest Technology and Mushroom cultivation are offered to the public by the Department of Horticulture at Lalbagh. Besides these a 10 month Horticulture training programme is organized every year for the rural youth. The Mysore Horticultural Society too organizes courses on Ikebana and Bonsai. All programmes are publicized well in advance in newspapers/respective offices. Events Biannual flower shows are organized every year in January and August on the occasion of the Republic Day and Independence Day celebrations respectively. Details can be had from the Directorate of Horticulture or the Mysore Horticultural Society Office. The garden is an institution of botanical and environmental importance, a treasure house of our state and nation, an important lung space of Bangalore –it is the duty of every one of us to protect it from deterioration and to keep it clean. Videography is prohibited.