Etimologi kata "anggar" dalam bahasa Indonesia berasal dari Bahasa Perancis "en garde", artinya dalam Bahasa Indonesia berarti "bersiap". Kata "en garde" digunakan sebelum permainan anggar dimulai, untuk memberi perintah "bersiap" kepada pemain. Dalam bahasa Perancis sendiri anggar disebut sebagai escrime. Walaupun kita menganggap anggar sebagai permainan yang menghibur, sebagai senjata, sebagai sarana pendidikan atau pun olahraga, ternyata anggar mempunyai perjalanan sejarah yang cukup panjang. Kemampuan teknis, catatan pencapaian yang cukup panjang, di luar hal - hal tersebut adalah nilai - nilai yang terkandung dalam permainan anggar sendiri hingga kini masih diajarkan melalui praktik olahraga itu sendiri. Jika sejarah mengenai anggar ditelusuri, kita akan mengacu pada penggunaan pedang. Sejak dahulu kala, pedang diciptakan sebagai alat untuk melindungi diri. Manusia menggunakan kekuatan dan ketangkasannya, memilih bahan dan alat, meningkatkan ketrampilannya dengan menggunakan kepandaiannya. Semua itu merupakan latar belakang permainan anggar. Tokoh-tokoh militer bangsa Indonesia yang mempunya keahlian bermain anggar pada waktu itu antara lain adalah Drh.Singgih, Soeparman, Maryono, Setu, Warsimin, Paimin Salekan, Atmo Soewirjo, J. Sengkey, Suratman, Mantiri, C.H. Kuron, Mangangantung, dan Soekarno. Untuk dapat meningkatkan kemampuan bermain anggar maupun olahraga lainnya, KNIL mendirikan sekolah olahraga militer. Sekolah olahraga militer tersebut didirikan guna untuk mendidik para guru anggar, guru renang, dan guru olahraga lainnya. Lembaga pendidikan militer tersebut didirikan di Bandung dan Magelang. Pada masa penjajahan Jepang, tidak ada informasi yang masuk tentang perkembangan olahraga anggar di Indonesia. Dalam masa perang kemerdekaan, banyak guru anggar yang berasal dari mantan instruktur militer Belanda yang menjadi instruktur di Akademi Militer Yogyakarta. Mereka mengajarkan cara bermain anggar, baik untuk olahraga maupun berkelahi dengan menggunakan sangkur.Thus Lord Rsabha was an ideal father, who gave ept instructions to his sons. The instructions of Lord Rsabha to his sons are present in Canto 5, Chapter 5 of the Srimad Bhagavatam. According to the Jain measurement of cosmic time one cycle of time has two divisions. These two divisions, ascending time-cycle there is a gradual improvement in physical and mental conditions, including physical strength, health, happiness and simplicity, of beings as well as climatic and life supporting conditions. During the descending time-cycle there is a gradual deterioration in these conditions. During the first three Aras of the current descending cycle man was completely dependent on nature for all his needs. The wish-fulfilling trees provided all that he needed. Man was simple, peaceful and contented in attitude. The environment was absolutely unpolluted. Water was tasteful, cold, and sweet. Even the sand was sweet as sugar. The air was healthy and exhilarating. The grains and fruits were nutritious and filing. A simple meal of little quantity of fruit and water lasted for days. Filled stomach and satisfied desires acted as antidote to irritation and reduced disputes and other sinful activities. The whole animal kingdom lived in harmony with the nature. To consume what was available was the way of life. As such this period was also known as Bhog-Bhumi-Kaal or the era of free consumption. Up to the time of Kulkar Nabhiraja man lived in this land of abundance. It was during the last part of the third Ara of the current descending cycle of time that the great and pious soul that was to become Rishabhdev descended into the womb of Marudeva on the fourth day of the dark half of the month of Ashadh during the night. In the ancient Jain scriptures it is mentioned that during many previous births, the soul that was to be Rishabhdev had done prolonged spiritual practices. As a result of high degree of purity of thoughts and attitude as well as penance, meditation, charity and benevolent deeds it had earned highly pious Karmas. In his incarnation as Dhanna, the caravan leader, he had offered alms and services to ascetics and others. As doctor Jivanand he had taken ample care of ailing masses as well as ascetics. As king Vajranabh he had supported poor and desolate masses. After many years of public services to ascetics and others. As doctor Jivanand he had taken ample care of ailing masses as well as ascetics. As king Vajranabh he had supported poor and desolate masses. After many years of public service Vajranabh renounced the world and became an ascetic. As a result of unprecedented spiritual practices, including religious studies, penance, tolerance, and meditation, he earned Tirthankar-nam-and-gotra-karma. These pious deeds of earlier births resulted in his taking birth as Rishabhdev. Nabhiraja was an experienced and scholarly person. When he heard about these dreams from Maudeva, he said, "Devi! You will give birth to a highly endowed soul who will show the path of peace and happiness to this world" On the eighth day of the dark half of the month of Chaitra, around midnight, healthy Marudeva gave birth to twins. This pious birth influenced the surroundings. The sky became filled with a soothing glow, the wind became fragrant and the whole atmosphere became impregnated with unprecedented joy that was hard to describe. From all around came the fifty six goddesses of directions. They circumambulated the Tirthankar’s mother and bowed before her. They also sang in praise of the child that was to become Tirthankar and then proceeded to perform post-birth cleaning rituals. At that instant the king of gods of the Saudharm dimension, Saudharmendra Shakra, also came to know that the first Tirthankar has taken birth. He arrived with his large retinue of gods and, bowed before the mother, "O great mother! I, Saudharmendra Shakra, bow before you and offer my salutations." After the salutations the mother was put to sleep. Saudharmendra created five look alike bodies of himself. With one body he carefully lifted the baby in his hands. With the second body he took an umbrella in his hands and stationed the body behind the baby. With the third and fourth bodies he took whisks and stationed these bodies on both sides of the baby. With the fifth body he lifted his divine weapon, Vajra, and stationed himself ahead of the baby as a body guard. In this formation the king of gods airlifted the baby to Meru mountain. There, all gods, including their 64 kings with their consorts, ceremoniously performed the post-birth anointing rituals. This ceremony, popularly known as Janma-kalyanak, of a Tirthankar, is unparalleled in this world. Next morning Nabhiraja organized the birth celebrations. He invited his friends and relatives to a feast and announced, "As there is a sign of a bull on the thigh of the new born, and Marudeva first of all saw a bull in her great dreams, we name this child as ‘Rishabh Kumar’." His twin will be known as "Sumangala".