In 1954, Doreen Bird acquired a former vicarage, which was renamed Vicarage House and would be the college's first permanent premises.  In 1964, it moved to Studio House, which is still in daily use by the college today and was later extended to include purpose built dance studios that double as a performance space.  To enable the college to expand, it became necessary to seek larger premises and in 1979, Bird was successful in securing the ownership of a former Victorian school, which was converted into dance studios and was renamed Birkbeck Centre.  It was officially opened by former Prime Minister, Sir Edward Heath and continues to be the college's main campus to this day.  In 2007, as part of the college's contract to provide pre-vocational music and dance services on behalf of Bexley Council, Bird College was granted residency of the former Bexley Centre for Music & Dance.  The college have since renamed it The Centre and it is now used extensively for various college activities. Doreen Bird was principal of the Doreen Bird College of Performing Arts until her retirement in 1998, when she appointed Sue Passmore as Principal and Executive Director.  It is also around this time that the name Bird College was first introduced, replacing the full title that had previously been used. Bird continued to be a trustee and Governor of the college for the rest of her life and In 1999, she was awarded an honorary Master of Arts by the University of Greenwich, in recognition of her achievements.  Prior to her death, she had also been studying for a Ph.D.  She died of Leukaemia on 4 February 2004 and a memorial service was held at The Actor's Church in Covent Garden. Prior to becoming Principal of the college in 1998, Sue Passmore had previously been Head of Theatre at the former Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts.  She joined the Doreen Bird College of Performing Arts in 1988, as Artistic Co-ordinator and Head of Drama, becoming Artistic Director in 1989.  She founded the Bird Theatre Company in 1991 and was also appointed to the Executive Council of the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing.  After becoming the college's Principal and Executive Director in 1998, she held the post for seven years.  Passmore retired from Bird College in 2005.קונסיסטוריה הוא מונח שמקורו בלטינית, והמתאר גוף של אנשים המתכנס על מנת לקבל החלטות ביצועיות. במונח נעשה שימוש בתקופות שונות על ידי גופים שונים, ולהלן מוצגים השימושים העיקריים במונח. ב התייחס המושג בייחוד לישיבות רשמיות של Comites consistoriales, כלומר חברים בחצר הקיסר שתוארם Comes, שמונו לשמש לקיסר כיועצים בעניינים רשמיים חשובים, כדוגמת חוקי גיוס והחלטות כתובות אחרות, בדומה למועצת החצר של מלך פיאודלי. הם נכנסו לתמונה ככוח אלטרנטיבי רשמי לכס הקיסרות כאשר הסנאט הרומי, שלכאורה על פי החוק שמר על מעמדו התחוקתי הגבוה מכיוון שהרפובליקה מעולם לא הסתיימה באופן רשמי, איבד את רוב חשיבותו הפוליטית, וצומצם לחותמת גומי, כשם שקורה בכל פרלמנט של מדינה שבה מפלגה אחת בלבד. אבל הכוח האמיתי יכול היה לשכון בעיקר במקומות אחרים, תלוי בחסדים של הקיסר ובתככים האישיים. מכיוון שהאפיפיור ממנה קרדינלים חדשים בנוכחות חבר הקרדינלים, חובה לכנס קונסיסטוריה. זהותם של הקרדינלים העתידיים מוכרזת בדרך כלל זמן מה מראש, אך רק בזמן הקונסיסטוריה מתבצעת ההעלאה לדרגה בפועל, שכן אז האפיפיור מפרסם רשמית את צו ההעלאה בדרגה. מינויים של אנשים לקרדינלים שמתו בטרם התקיימה הקונסיסטוריה או שהאפיפיור מת בטרם התקיימה הקונסיסטוריה מתבטלים. עם זאת, המועמד לא חייב להיות נוכח בקונסיסטוריה על מנת שההעלאה בדרגה תיכנס לתוקפה.ნემანია დაიბადა სერბეთის ქალაქ დრაგულჯუბში. მამამისი ზორა ქარხანაშ მუშობდა, დედა ბანკში. ნემანიამ ფეხბურთის თამაში 7 წლიდან დაიწყო. იგი მის უფროს ძმასთან ერთად დადიოდა ადგილობრივ კლუბ ჯესვიდო უციზეში. ვიდიჩი ძალიან სწრაფად პროგრესირებდა, 12 წლის უკვე სლობოდა უციზეში გადავიდა. ორწლინახევრის შემდეგ, სანამ ნემანიას 15 წელი შეუსრულდებოდა გადავიდა ბელგრადის ახალგაზრდულ წითელ ვარსკვლავში. წითელი ვარსკვლავი მისი კარიერის დასაწყისი იყო. როდესაც, ვიდიჩს 18 წელი შეუსრულდა იგი განათხოვრებული იქნა ბელგრადის გუნდიდან სპარტაკ სობუტიცაში 2000 წელს. სეზონის შემდეგ იგი დაუბრუნდა წითელ ვარსკვლავს. ბელგრადის გუნდმა მოახდინა სენსაცია მან მოიგო იუგოსლავიის თასი. ვიდიჩი დაბრუნებისთანავე სასტარტო შემადგენნლობაში მოხვდა. მალევე მოიპოვა კაპიტნის სამკლაური. იგი სამი წელი იყო კაპიტანი, მან ჩაატარა 64 მატჩი სადაც 12 გოლის გატანა შეძლო. ნემანიამ ასევე მოიგო სერეთის და მონეგროს თასი და სერბეთის და მონტენეგროს ჩემპიონატი. 2004 წელს რუსმა სკაუტებმა ვიდიჩს თვალი დაადგეს. 2004 წლის ივნისში მან სპარტაკში გადაინაცვლა. მისი სატრანსფერო ღირებულება არ ვრცელდება, მაგრამ არსებობს ინფორმაცია, რომ ის იმ დროისთვის ყველაზე ძვირადღირებული მცველი იყო რუსეთში. მოსკოვში მან 2 სეზონი ითამაშა. ვიდიჩმა ჩაატარა 39 შეხვედრა და 4 გოლი გაიტანა. მოსკოვის სპარტაკი მისი ევროპული კარიერის დასაწყისად ითვლება.Większość interpretacji charakteru Marii Luizy pochodzi od wielbicieli Napoleona, którzy nie mogli wybaczyć jej domniemanej zdrady cesarza. Arcyksiężniczka  miała ciekawszą i milszą osobowość niż się zwykle uznaje. Wydawała się nieskomplikowaną, łagodną i prostolinijną osobą, ani zbyt bystrą, ani szczególnie głupią, skrajnie nieśmiałą aż do strachliwości. Maria Luiza spotkała się z Napoleonem 28 tegoż miesiąca w okolicach Soissons. Napoleon zaraz po spotkaniu z arcyksiężniczką nalegał, by natychmiast pójść z nią do łoża, przed ślubem cywilnym, nie wspominając o ceremonii kościelnej. Arystokraci byli zgorszeni nietaktownym zachowaniem w stosunku do nerwowej młodej Marii Ludwiki. Ślub cywilny odbył się w Józefiny.