„Vilniaus žinios“ – Vilniuje leistų ir šiuo metu leidžiamo laikraščių pavadinimas. Po lietuvių tautinį judėjimą ir atvirai rėmė lietuvių spaudos lotyniškais rašmenimis draudimą. Jį skaitė tik valdininkai, jo tiražas tesiekė 1000 egzempliorių. Panaikinus spaudos draudimą I pasaulinio karo nuo 1924 m. lenkų užimtame Vilniuje tokiu pat pavadinimu ėjo dienraštis, kuris drauge su daugeliu kitų leidinių buvo uždarytas 1940 m., rusams okupavus Lietuvą. Rusijos vidaus reikalų ministras Piotras Valujevas uždraudė visoje imperijoje spausdinti ir įsivežti iš užsienio lietuviškus leidinius lotynišku – lenkišku raidynu. Draudimui žodžiu pritarė ir caras Aleksandras II. Draudimas nebuvo įformintas įstatymu ir ši aplinkybė jau XX a. pradžioje leido lietuvių veikėjams teisme laimėti kelias bylas dėl jiems skirtų nuobaudų už lietuvių spaudos tradiciniu raidynu platinimą, tačiau jis galiojo ligi 1904 m. gegužės 7 d., kada buvo atšauktas. 1872 m. vidaus reikalų ministro aplinkraštis draudimą išplėtė ir lietuvių spaudai gotišku raidynu, vartotu Prūsijos lietuvių. Taip Rusijos valdžia apsidraudė, kad ši spauda nebūtų pradėta platinti Lietuvoje. M. Valančiaus iniciatyva sukurta slapto lietuvių spaudos leidimo Mažojoje Lietuvoje ir jos platinimo Lietuvoje sistema. Į spaudos leidybą įsijungė naujoji pasaulietinės lietuvių inteligentijos karta. Kūrėsi knygnešių organizacijos. Aušra“, vadintas laikraščiu. Vėliau atsirado ir kitų. Sustabdyti šį procesą Rusijos valdžia nepajėgė. 1865 - 1904 m. Rytų Prūsijoje buvo išspausdinta 1830 leidinių, skirtų platinti Rusijos imperijoje. Laikraštį įsteigė ir leido Varpo“ redaktorius Jonas Kriaučiūnas, tuometinis „Varpo“ redaktorius Povilas Višinskis, Kazys Puida, Petras Klimaitis. Administratoriumi dirbo rašytojas Gabrielius Landsbergis - Žemkalnis, buhalteriu – dvarininkas Jonas Siabas.The New York City Department of Transportation advises that while they make every effort to ensure that all bridges are operating, many of them are under repair at any time, and outside contractors are responsible for opening of bridges under repair.  As well, sometimes on hot summer days, many of the bridge decks seize due to thermal expansion, and cannot open or close.  Since the city will not allow more than one bridge open at a time, a bridge seizing in the open position can potentially leave a mariner stranded in a small section of the river. The name river is technically incorrect, as the Harlem River has neither a mouth nor a source. It simply connects two larger bodies of water, stretching from the Hudson River to the intersection of the East River at Randall’s Island, at approximately East 125th Street on the present street grid.  The Harlem River is therefore affected by the actions of the ocean and neighboring rivers. The ebb and flow of the tides causes the Harlem River’s currents to fluctuate dramatically throughout the day. The effects of the tides have influenced the spread of silts, pollutants, and other particles in the water. The tides were also important in defining the usage of the Harlem River as they caused the currents to be particularly difficult navigate in the northern portion of the waterway, allowing only smaller ships and experienced sailors. Stretching approximately seven miles, the river originally meandered through its length, but the course of the river today is much straighter than it was in its natural state. Changes in the river’s route and shoreline character have reflected the designs of engineers, planners, politicians, and industrialists’ intent on subverting the limitations of the natural topography to facilitate the flow of commerce and real estate investment. Bulkheads, barriers, fills, and cuts all affected the river, changing and manipulating it into its current state. A systematic examination of the changes to the river’s function and access provides an understanding of its revamped role in the urban process. Consequently, bridge designs thereafter needed to factor in the rights of waterborne traffic to pass freely, an issue that instigated dissent in the future with regards to the efficiency of movable river crossings and the needs of the railroads.  The issue of navigability gained urgency with the opening of the Erie Canal in 1825, spurring intense commercialization of the West Side waterfront on the Hudson River as well as interest in creating a faster route to the East River and the Long Island Sound beyond. The construction of the Croton Aqueduct presaged the rapid subjugation of the natural landscape to accommodate the needs of economic and population growth in the New York metropolitan area. The Park Avenue Bridge for the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad was built concurrently, opening in 1841 and bringing rails to the Bronx east of the Hudson.  The introduction of several rail lines near the Harlem in the following decades spurred growth of industrial and residential districts along the riverfront. The installation of the Harlem Line along the river’s edge, completed in 1851, forever changed access to the shore on the Bronx side of the Harlem.  The construction of rails on trestles set in “rip-rap” foundations on the riverbed pushed the trains off the land’s edge in favor of an unobstructed course north. These trestles and rip-rap then provided the support for new fill between the rails and the shore.  The negative impacts on the shoreline were manifest in the difficulty building new docks or piers, which would require at-grade crossings, as well as in restricted access to the riverfront, which had previously been a resource that benefited residents for generations. During this period, anticipated growth in shipping commerce persuaded the city of New York to create the Department of Docks in 1870, as well as adopt a waterfront plan, known as the “McLellan Plan,” which envisioned a partially submerged masonry wall around the whole of the island.  These new works were not implemented as rapidly along the Harlem River as they were along the shores of the East and Hudson Rivers, where the channels were deeper and wider, accommodating longer piers.