Mark Ballas, Derek Hough and Andy Kainz are the only professional dancers to win two seasons that were not back-to-back. Mark Ballas won in Season six of the American version with his partner Kristi Yamaguchi, and he won in Season eight with his partner Shawn Johnson. Mark also has had the distinction of being the only male professional dancer to win in any two seasons. Andy Kainz, the husband of Kelly Kainz, won in the first season of the Austrian version of Dancing with the Stars with musical singer Marika Lichter, and he won again in season five with journalist and TV host Claudia Reiterer. Together, Andy and Kelly Kainz won four out of five championships in Austria. Derek Hough and Brooke Burke won season seven of the American version and won in Season ten with his partner Nicole Scherzinger. In New Zealand, Carol-Ann Hickamore is the only female professional dancer to win. She won in the Season two with the former rugby player Norm Hewitt. Ms. Hickamore later became a dancing judge for Seasons three and four after the Season one judge Donna Dawson had to leave the program. In Austria, Andy Kainz is the only male professional dancer to win. Julianne Hough became the youngest professional dancer in Dancing with the Stars in the United States when she danced with the speed skater Apolo Anton Ohno during Season four at the age of 18.  Shawn Johnson became the youngest contestant on Dancing with the Stars in the United States in Season eight at the age of 17. She went on to become the youngest-ever winner of the dance contest. Kym Johnson, Tobias Karlsson, Ingrid Thompson, Stefano Olivieri, Hayley Holt, Brian Fortuna, Kimberley Smith, Csaba Szirmai and Natalie Lowe have appeared on two different versions of Dancing with the Stars. Ms. Johnson has danced on the American and the Australian versions of the show, while Tobias Karlsson has appeared in both the Danish and the Swedish versions. Ingrid Beate Thompson appeared in the Norwegian and the Swedish versions of the show. Csaba Szirmai and Stefano Olivieri appeared in both the Australian and the New Zealander versions. Hayley Holt appeared in the New Zealander version of Dancing with the Stars and also in "Strictly Come Dancing" in Great Britain. Kimberley Smith appeared in both the Belgian and the Dutch versions. Brian Fortuna danced one season in the United States, and he has next signed up to compete in Strictly Come Dancing. Natalie Lowe took part in Dancing with the Stars Australia 2004–2008 but is now dancing with Ricky Whittle in Strictly Come Dancing UK. Brendan Cole is a judge in the New Zealand TV series, and he is a professional dancer in the British version of the show, Strictly Come Dancing. There, he won the first series with the British TV news announcer, Natasha Kaplinsky.  Kym Johnson is the only professional dancer to win on 2 different versions of Dancing with the Stars. Darren Bennett were the first couple ever to receive a "perfect forty" score in the contest in Strictly Come Dancing in the Season two finale. Malena Belafonte and Silas Holst were the first couple to receive a "perfect forty" in the semi-finals 2009 in the Danish Version season 6.Wall Nut（坚果牆）： 阻擋敵人，初期搭配食人花非常好用 Potato Mine（土豆雷）： 地雷，可以將處於地下的礦工僵尸消滅掉，但從設置到產生功用之間的時間有點長 Snow Pea（雪豌豆（寒冰射手））： 射出冷凍碗豆，有緩速功能 Chomper（大嘴花）： 可以一口咬掉敵人，但要一段時間消化後才可以再次攻擊 Repeater（双发射手）： 射出碗豆攻擊敵人、一次兩顆（可搭配Galting Pea（机枪豌豆）升級) Squash（怒面瓜（或窝瓜））： 攻擊身邊的敵人，幾乎對所有敵人都是一擊必殺，種植後只能使用一次 Theatereepr（三线射手）： 一次可射出三顆碗豆分别攻擊三列的敵人 Jalapeno（火爆辣椒）： 攻擊一整列的敵人，幾乎對所有敵人都是一擊必殺，亦可以快速清除雪橇车僵尸留下的冰道。 Spikeweed（荊棘/地刺）： 敵人經過會損血，可用最後一列的Spikerock升級。 Torchwood（火炬树桩）： 使經過的豌豆變成火球，加强杀伤，但冰碗豆經過則變成普通碗豆。 Tall-nut（高堅果）： 撐竿跳、彈力車殭屍亦无法跨越 Cactus（仙人掌）： 可吐針攻擊，對氣球有攻擊能力 Blover（三葉草）： 可吹出強力的風，可以暫時把氣球殭屍吹走并吹走迷霧 Split Pea（裂夹豌豆）： 可同時對前後發射出碗豆 Starfruit（楊桃）： 可同时對五個方向射出子彈 Pumpkin（南瓜）： 護甲，各單位可用 Flower Pot（花盆）： 在屋頂戰一定要有花盆才能栽種植物