Моите големи претходници е серија на шаховски книги од страна на поранешниот светски првак во шах Гари Каспаров. Пет тома се посветени на официјалните светски прваци пред Каспаров, а останатите четири продолженија се насловени Модерен шах и се посветени на револуцијата во шаховските отварања, петте меча на авторот против Анатоли Карпов во борбата за титулата светски првак, партиите против компјутерите, како и други одбрани партии. Книгите содржат историски деетали, но сепак содржината главно е составена од коментирани партии. Шаховскиот новинар Дмитри Плисецки помогнал во подготвувањето на книгите, а Каспаров се заблагодарува и на други шахисти во предговорот од секоја книга. Првиот том од серијата започнува со краток опис на неофицијалните светски првенства, одржани пред 1886 година, со кој најмногу внимание е посветено на Адолф Андерсен и Пол Морфи. Во продолжението на оваа книга, хронолошки се подредени најзначајните настани по воведувањето на официјалното светско првенство во шах и начинот на кој Вилхелм Штајниц, Емануел Ласкер, Хозе Раул Капабланка и Александар Алехин стигнале до титулата.பரப்பளவில், வடக்கு - கிழக்கு மாகாணத்தில் உள்ள மிகப்பெரிய தேர்தல் மாவட்டமாக இருப்பதுடன், முழு நாட்டிலும் உள்ள பெரிய தேர்தல் மாவட்டங்களில் ஒன்றாகவும் விளங்குகிறது. இத் தேர்தல் மாவட்டத்திலிருந்து 5 உறுப்பினர்கள் நாடாளுமன்றத்துக்குத் தெரிவு செய்யப்படுகிறார்கள்.Na jeseň Varšave, Američania s Britmi oslobodili veľkú časť Francúzska. V novembri sa Spojencom podarilo preraziť západný val obsadiť prvé veľké nemecké mesto Taliansku stratili nacisti Montgomeryho vojská na severe od zbytku spojeneckých vojsk. Dosiahli by tým zničenie asi 20 divízii. Následne by bolo možné nasadiť zbytok vojsk proti postupujúcej červenej armáde. Tento plán však bol veľmi optimistický a navyše počítal s mnohými priaznivými okolnosťami vrátane toho, že sa Nemcom podarí zmocniť množstva spojeneckých zásob či nepriazňou počasia, ktorá nedovolí spojencom využiť svoju leteckú prevahu. Napriek odporu mnohých dôstojníkov na čele s Rundstedom sa Hitler nedal odradiť. V priebehu prvého dňa sa podarilo nemeckým jednotkám miestami preraziť až do hĺbky 80 km. Najrýchlejšie postupovala 5. tanková armáda ktorá prerazila pozície 28. a 106. divízie a postupovala ďalej k svojmu cieľu, ktorým mali byť 18. decembra sa oba tieto pluky vzdali. Nemci zajali v oblasti Schnee Eifel celkovo 7000 mužov 106. divízie, bola to najťažšia porážka americkej armády za celé obdobie 2. svetovej vojny v Európe.মাওলানা আবদুর রশীদ তর্কবাগীশ হোসেন শহীদ সোহরাওয়ার্দীর সভাপতিত্বে গঠিত ইউনাইটেড মুসলিম পার্টির সাধারণ সম্পাদকের দায়িত্ব পালন করেন৷ পরবর্তীতে তিনি নিখিল ভারত মুসলিম লীগে যোগ দেন ৷ মাওলানা তর্কবাগীশ পূর্ব পাকিস্তান কৃষক সমিতির প্রতিষ্ঠাতা সভাপতি ছিলেন ৷মাওলানা আবদুর রশীদ তর্কবাগীশ ১৯৫২ সালের ২১শে ফেব্রুয়ারী বাংলা ভাষার অধিকার আদায়ে সংগ্রামরত ছাত্র জনতার উপর পুলিশী নির্যাতনের সংবাদ পেয়ে প্রাদেশিক পরিষদ থেকে বেরিয়ে এসে মহান ভাষা আন্দোলনে নেতৃত্ব দান করেন ৷ তিনি ১৯৫২ সালে ২২শে ফেব্রুয়ারী মুসলীম লীগ ত্যাগ করে প্রাদেশিক পরিষদে বিরোধী দল গঠন করেন এবং নুরুল আমিন সরকারের বিরুদ্ধে অনাস্থা আনেন। ২৩শে ফেব্রুয়ারী, ১৯৫২ সালে তাঁকে গ্রেফতার করে কারাগারে প্রেরণ করা হয় ৷ আওয়ামী লীগ দলীয় সদস্য হিসেবে পাকিস্তান গণপরিষদে ১৯৫৫ সালের ২২শে আগস্ট তিনি প্রথম বাংলা ভাষায় বক্তৃতা করেন৷ মাওলানা তর্কবাগীশ ১৯৫৬ থেকে ১৯৬৭ সালের ফেব্রুয়ারী পর্যন্ত আওয়ামী লীগের সভাপতির দায়িত্ব পালন করেন ৷ ১৯৭০ সালের নির্বাচনে তিনি আওয়ামীলীগের প্রার্থী হিসেবে পাকিস্তান জাতীয় পরিষদের সদস্য নির্বাচিত হন ৷"The Shower" is the 25th episode of the FOX television series, The O.C. The episode was written by J. J. Philbin and was directed by Sandy Smolan. It originally aired on Wednesday April 21, 2004. It is two weeks until the Nichol/Cooper wedding and Kirsten is flipping out. She just received the invitation and shows it to Seth and Ryan at breakfast. Sandy is coming around however, as he finds the offer Caleb made to him and Jimmy for the Balboa Lighthouse restaurant, quite generous. Breakfast is interrupted by a phone call. Sandy answers it, and it is Theresa, who asks Sandy not to tell Ryan it's her. She asks that Sandy come to meet her at her new job, the Balboa Bakery, where she'd like to ask him a legal question. He agrees. Later in the day, at the office, Julie asks Kirsten to throw her a wedding shower. She also appoints Kirsten as her Maid of Honour. Kirsten is secretly disgusted by both jobs. At school, Marissa gets a message from Caleb that he wants her to help Kirsten with the shower. She'll do it, but not happily. Meanwhile, Seth is disgusted with how "cute" Ryan and Marissa are now that they are back together. Summer gets a call from her father, who reminds her of their dinner date that night. Seth has never heard anything about Summer's father, Neil, but it turns out Summer and he are "best friends". Seth invites himself to dinner and vows to win her father over.