สำหรับรางวัลที่ผู้ชนะจะได้รับคือ 100,000 ดอลลาร์สหรัฐ ซึ่งในเวอร์ชันสหรัฐอเมริกา เงินรางวัลที่ผู้ชนะจะได้รับคือ 1 ล้านดอลลาร์สหรัฐ ซึ่ง ริคกี้ โอว ผู้จัดการทั่วไปของ โซนี่ พิกเจอร์ส เอนเตอร์เทนเมนต์ เอเชีย บริษัทแม่ของ เอเอ็กซ์เอ็น เอเชีย อธิบายเรื่องเงินรางวัลที่น้อยกว่าเวอร์ชันอเมริกาไว้ว่า "จริง ๆ แล้วเงินไม่ใช่แรงจูงใจหลัก แต่แรงจูงใจหลักนั้นคือการผจญภัย และโอกาสที่จะได้อยู่ในรายการเรียลลิตี้โชว์ที่ดีที่สุดรายการหนึ่งของโลก" รายการ ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ เอเชีย เป็น 1 ในเวอร์ชันของของรายการ ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ ที่มีคนดูมากที่สุดในโลกเนื่องจากออกฉายทั่วทั้งเอเชีย ทำให้มีการคาดการกันว่าในแต่ละฤดูกาลมีคนดูกันมากกว่า 83 ล้านคนโดยประมาณ ตั้งแต่ซีซั่นที่ 2 ผู้เข้าแข่งขันที่อาศัยอยู่ในซีซั่นที่ 1 ผู้เข้าแข่งขันที่พักอาศัยอยู่ในญี่ปุ่นไม่สามารถเข้าร่วมการแข่งขันได้Videnskabelig taget kan der indvendes adskilligt imod Schyttes værk. For slet ikke at tale om, hvad der følger af sig selv, at man nu ikke kan lære noget af denne naturligvis forældede bog, så skorter det jævnlig på tilstrækkelig skarphed i tanken og i begrebsbestemmelserne, forfatteren har ej heller undgået adskillige gentagelser og på visse steder selvmodsigelser. Også må man i det hele ikke tænke sig værket som grundlæggende noget nyt. Men man har endnu den dag i dag ved at læse det en behagelig følelse af at stå lige over for en ualmindelig livlig intelligent mand, der ønsker at meddele sin samtid belæring af den betydelige viden, han har erhvervet sig. Og visselig kunne hans samtid lære meget af et sådant skrift på en mængde områder, så meget mere som kundskaben tilbødes i en tiltalende form. Det har virkelig været en stor mængde kundskab, Schytte har sat i omløb både hos sine tilhørere og hos læserne iblandt hans dannede samtidige. Han er populær forfatter i dette ords bedste forstand på en lignende måde, hvorpaa Ludvig Holberg havde været det.Penduduk New South Wales digelar New South Welshman.  Ibu negeri dan bandar terbesar NSW ialah Sydney. Penduduk asal kawasan ini adalah puak-puak Orang Asli yang tiba di Australia sekitar empat puluh ke enam puluh ribu tahun lepas. At the end of the 19th century, the movement toward federation between the Australian colonies gathered momentum. Conventions and forums involving colony leaders were held on a regular basis. Proponents of NSW as a free trade state were in dispute with the other leading colony Victoria who had a protectionist economy. At this time customs posts were common on borders, even on the Tenterfield was pivotal in gathering support for NSW involvement. Edmund Barton later to become Australia's first Prime Minister was another strong advocate for federation and a meeting held in Corowa in 1893 drafted an initial constitution. The Communist Party, which remained small and weak, but Jack Lang's Labor populism. Lang's second government was elected in November 1930 on a policy of repudiating New South Wales' debt to British bondholders and using the money instead to help the unemployed through public works. This was denounced as illegal by conservatives, and also by James Scullin's federal Labor government. The result was that Lang's supporters in the federal Caucus brought down Scullin's government, causing a second bitter split in the Labor Party. In May 1932 the Governor, Sir Philip Game dismissed his government. The subsequent election was won by the conservative opposition. In the late 1960s, a secessionist movement in the New England region of the state led to a referendum on the issue. The new state would have consisted of much of northern NSW including Newcastle. The referendum was narrowly defeated and there are no active or organised campaigns for new states in NSW beyond individuals. Executive authority is vested in the Westminster government. It should be noted, however, that as in other Westminster systems, there is no constitutional requirement in NSW for the Government to be formed from the Parliament - merely convention. The Premier is Morris Iemma of the Australian Labor Party.