Everything so far in this book has been about you as an individual editor, working on your own, interacting with others only to discuss problems or changes to articles. But editors at Wikipedia also work together in groups, formal or informal. Not only is there strength in numbers, there's energy and fun. Such group work is one of the things that make Wikipedia as much an online community as it is an encyclopedia. This chapter describes each of these group efforts, and shows you where to get more information about the groups that already exist. And if you don't find a group that covers something you're interested in, this chapter also tells you how to create a group focused on your interest. Often topical WikiProjects are coordinated with each other when there's potential overlap. Figure 9-2 shows an example. Looking at the examples in the section about xx, it's clear that a WikiProject can aim to improve just about anything on Wikipedia. But the vast majority of WikiProjects focus on articles, and the majority of those focus on articles within a particular topical area. Understanding such WikiProjects will give you a good idea of WikiProjects as a whole. The first and foremost goal of topical WikiProjects is to improve Wikipedia's coverage of articles within that topic. Most of that effort is aimed at existing articles, but WikiProjects are also involved in creating new articles where needed.చేజెర్ల, గుంటూరు జిల్లా, నకరికల్లు మండలానికి చెందిన గ్రామము . ఇది నరసరావుపేటకు షుమారు 30 కి.మీ. దూరంలో ఉంది. ఇక్కడ పురాతనమైన కపోతేశ్వర స్వామి దేవాలయం ఉంది. పూర్వం చేరుంజర్ల, చేంజర్లలుగా పిలువబడిన ఈ చారిత్రక గ్రామానికి దాదాపు 2 శతాబ్దాల చరిత్ర ఉన్నది. ఆనంద గోత్రిజ రాజు అత్తివర్మ తండ్రి క్రీ.శ.3వ శతాబ్దములో వేయించిన శాసనం మొదలు పలు రాజవంశాలకు చెందిన చక్రవర్తుల శాసనాలు ఇక్కడ లభ్యమయ్యాయి.Dialektinis materializmas – mokslinė filosofinė sistema, viena iš marksistinės teorijos sudėtinių dalių, jos filosofinis pagrindas. Dialektinio materializmo išeities taškas yra tai, kad objektyviai egzistuoja amžinai judanti ir besivystanti gnoseologinį pirmumą sąmonės atžvilgiu. XVIII a. Prancūzijoje gausiomis dialektinėmis idėjomis išsiskyrė Žanas Žakas Ruso ir Denisas Didro. Pirmasis tyrinėjo prieštaravimus kaip istorijos vystymosi sąlygą, antrasis - be to, prieštaravimus to meto visuomenės sąmonėje. Labai svarbus dialektikos raidos etapas buvo vokiečių klasikinis idealizmas, kuris, skirtingai nuo metafizinio materializmo, laikė tikrovę ne tik pažinimo šaltiniu, bet ir traktavo ją kaip veklos objektą. Kartu vokiečių idealistai neatskleidė materialaus pažinimo ir subjekto veiklos pagrindo, dėl to jų dialektika galiausiai būdavo suvedama į vieną "pirminę" priežastį, absoliutą, kas iš esmės prieštaravo pačiam dialektinio vystymosi principui. Pirmasis pramušė spragą metafizikoje Frydrichas Šelingas, sekdamas Kantu, plėtojo dialektinę gamtos procesų sampratą.கலியுகத்தின் ஆரம்பத்தில் கிருஷ்ணரும் பாண்டவர்களும் உலகைவிட்டு பிரிந்தபிறகு அரசாட்சி ஏற்கும் பரீட்சித்து கிருபரின்  வழிகாட்டுதலில் நல்லாட்சி புரிகிறான். தனது ஆட்சிகாலத்தில் மூன்று அசுவமேத வேள்விகளை நடத்தினான்.