Auditas – ūkio subjekto patikrinimas, analizė, įvertinimas. Ypatingai XIX a. pradėjo steigtis daug akcinių bendrovių. Akcinių bendrovių vadovai kartu su buhalteriais specialiai akcinių bendrovių vertę ir pelną siekdami daugiau pritraukti kapitalo. Tą kapitalą kartais tiesiog pasisavindavo. Kaskart bankrutuojant akcinėms bendrovėms akcinių bendrovių vadovai ir akcininkai pradėjo siekti kontroliuoti akcinių bendrovių atskaitomybę. Laikoma, kad auditas atsirado Didžiojoje Britanijoje. Tenai svarbiausiose uostose pradėjo veiklą viešai samdomi buhalteriai. Jie daugiausiai tik tvarkydavo apskaitą, žinoma, gerai užsirekomendavusio buhalterio samdymas kažkiek pakeldavo pasitikėjimą fiziniu asmeniu ar akcine bendrove.As a key component of Canada's agriculture sector, the red meat industry is the largest sector of Canada's food processing industry, representing 15% of Canada's agri-food exports and employing more than 45,000 Canadians.  It is also one of Canada's leading manufacturing sectors with annual sales of over $15 billion. The first office of the organization was located at 186 King St. W., Toronto. Membership included Harris Abattoir Lts., William Davies Co. Ltd., Swift Canadian Co. Ltd., Gunns Ltd., Canadian Packing Co Ltd., Puddys Ltd., F. W. Fearman Co., Ingersoll Packaging Co. Ltd., Whyte Packing Co. Ltd., Gallagher-Holman and Lafrance Co. Ltd.,  Gordon-Ironside & Fares Packers Ltd., Wilson Canadian Co. Ltd., and Armour and Company. JACK S. WHYTE President, Whyte Packing Co. of Stratford ON.Jack is a very important person because he was our President 50 years ago, in February 1958. Jack has the distinction of being the only living past president to have chaired meetings of the Meat Packers Council of Canada in its boardroom at 200 Bay St., at the corner of Bay and Wellington, in Toronto. GRAEME R. BIEMAN President, Coleman Packing Company, London ON. Graeme became Council president in 1965.Graeme is the only past president here who chaired meetings at the Council Board Room in the Six Points Plaza. In 1971, the Council office was completely destroyed in a fire. Gone were many irreplaceable pieces of Council history. KENNETH R. MURRAY President J. M. Schneider Inc., Kitchener ON. Ken assumed the Council presidency from Art Mill at the Council Annual Meeting in Winnipeg in 1973. In 1984, at the Council meeting in Quebec City he received the president's gavel from Jean Bienvenue. ED J. ROBERTS VP Packinghouse Div. Canada Packers Limited, Toronto. Ed Roberts was named President at the Quebec City Annual Meeting in 1975, following Joe Rapoport's term.Науката за нервниот систем претставува научното проучување на невниот систем. Традиционално, науката за нервниот систем е гранка на биологијата.Меѓутоа таа во моментов е интердисциплинарна наука која вклучува други дисциплини како што се когнитивна- и невропсихологија, компјутерски науки, статистика, физика, филозофија и медицина. Како резултат на тоа, се проширува полето на примената на науката за нервниот систем со вклучување на различни пристапи кои ги изучуваат молекуларните, развојните, структурните, функционалните, еволутивните, квантитативните и медицинските аспекти на нервниот систем. Техниките што се користат од невронаучниците се доста проширени од биофизичкото и молекуларното учење на поединечните нервни клетки, до претставување на перцептивните моторни задачи во мозокот. Неодамнешните теоретски напреднувања во науката за нервниот систем се употребуваат за користење на компјутерско моделирање на нервните мрежи. Терминот невробиологија обично може да се замени со терминот наука за нервниот систем, каде што претходниот се однесува на биолгијата на нервниот систем, а додека пак вториот се однесува на целата наука на нервниот систем. Со оглед на зголемениот број научници кои што го изучуваат нервниот систем, формирани се неколку важни организации за оваа наука, за обезбедување на форум на сите невронаучници и подучувачи. На пример, Меѓународната организација за мозочно испитување беше основана во 1960 -та, Европската заедница за механизмите на мозокот и однесувањето основана во 1968г, и Заедница за наука на нервниот систем во 1969г.Som správcom od 13. septembra 2005. Odvtedy som prešla na Wikipédii mnohými pozitívnymi aj negatívnymi udalosťami. Každá z týchto udalostí mi priniesla určité poznanie, či už technického charakteru, alebo, čo je pre mňa vlastnejšie, poznanie, ako fungujú medziľudské vzťahy aj tu, na tomto priestore. Som redaktor/správca, ktorému nie je ľahostajné, čo sa na Wikipédii odohráva, preto považujem za svoju povinnosť vstupovať do sporov a diskusií, kde cítim, že mám čo povedať. Som si vedomá toho, že názory redaktorov sú rôzne, každý sam osebe je individualita a samozrejme na tomto internetovom priestore je to ešte vypuklejšie. Okrem týchto záležitostí sa ako správca snažím dopĺňať našu Wikipédiu o rôzne články, ktoré patria do pomocníka Wikipédie, rozširujem odporúčania, pretože nás redaktorov stále pribúda, a tak či sa nám to páči alebo nie, potrebujeme isté mantinely na svoje konania.