Going short can be contrasted with the more conventional practice of "going long", whereby an investor profits from any increase in the price of the asset. The act of buying back the securities that were sold short is called "covering the short" or "covering the position". A short position can be covered at any time before the securities are due to be returned. Once the position is covered, the short seller will not be affected by any subsequent rises or falls in the price of the securities, as he already holds the securities required to repay the lender. Short selling has been a target of ire since at least the eighteenth century when England banned it outright.   The London banking house of Dutch tulip market in the seventeenth century.  In another well-referenced example, George Soros became notorious for "breaking the Bank of England" on Black Wednesday of 1992, when he sold short more than $10 billion worth of pounds sterling. The term "short" was in use from at least the mid-nineteenth century.  It is commonly understood that "short" is used because the short seller is in a brokerage house.  Jacob Little was known as The Great Bear of Wall Street who began shorting stocks in the United States in 1822. During the Dot-com bubble, shorting a start-up company could backfire since it could be taken over at a higher price than what speculators shorted.  Short-sellers were forced to cover their positions at acquisition prices, while in many cases the firm often overpaid for the start-up. Most brokers will allow retail customers to borrow shares to short a stock only if one of their own customers has purchased the stock on margin.  Brokers will go through the "locate" process outside their own firm to obtain borrowed shares from other brokers only for their large institutional customers. When a security is sold, the seller is contractually obligated to deliver it to the buyer.  If a seller sells a security short without owning it first, the seller needs to borrow the security from a third party to fulfill its obligation.  Otherwise, the seller will "fail to deliver," the transaction will not settle, and the seller may be subject to a claim from its title of the security, so it cannot be used as collateral for margin buying. When the holder of the underlying stock receives a dividend, the holder of the hypothecated share would receive an equal dividend from the short seller. When a security's ex-dividend date passes, the dividend is deducted from the shortholder's account and paid to the person from whom the stock was borrowed. For some brokers, the short seller may not earn interest on the proceeds of the short sale or use it to reduce outstanding margin debt.  These brokers may not pass this benefit on to the retail client unless the client is very large.  This means an individual short-selling $1000 of stock will lose the interest to be earned on the $1000 cash balance in his or her account. Where shares have been shorted and the company which issues the shares distributes a dividend, the question arises as to who receives the dividend. The new buyer of the shares, who is the "holder of record" and holds the shares outright, will receive the dividend from the company. However, the lender, who may hold its shares in a margin account with a prime broker and is unlikely to be aware that these particular shares are being lent out for shorting, also expects to receive a dividend.  The short seller will therefore pay to the lender an amount equal to the dividend in order to compensate, though as this payment does not come from the company it is not technically a dividend as such. The short seller is therefore said to be "short the dividend". Many short sellers place a "stop order" with their stockbroker after selling a stock short.  This is an order to the brokerage to cover the position if the price of the stock should rise to a certain level, in order to limit the loss and avoid the problem of unlimited liability described above.  In some cases, if the stock's price skyrockets, the stockbroker may decide to cover the short seller's position immediately and without his consent, in order to guarantee that the short seller will be able to make good on his debt of shares. "He who sells what isn't his'n, Must buy it back or go to pris'n" Short selling is sometimes referred to as a "negative income investment strategy" because there is no potential for dividend income or interest income.  One's return is strictly from capital gains. Short sellers have to deliver the securities to their broker eventually.  At that point, they will need money to buy them, so there is a credit risk for the broker.  To reduce this, the short seller has to keep a margin with the broker. A seller intentionally takes on directional risk in the belief that the value of the shorted asset will fall. After the ban was lifted, House of Commons, made clear in public statements and a letter to the FSA that he believed it ought to be extended.