The District of Columbia, founded on retroceded", to Virginia in 1847 and now is incorporated into Arlington County and the City of Alexandria. The remaining land that constitutes the District of Columbia is the territory originally ceded by Maryland, including islands in the Potomac River. As constructed, Washington City was centered on its current area but ended at present-day Florida Avenue and Benning Road on the north. Florida Avenue was then called "Boundary Street." In 1846, the population of Alexandria County, who resented the loss of business with the competing port of Georgetown and feared greater impact if slavery were outlawed in the capital, voted in a referendum to ask Congress to retrocede Alexandria back to the Commonwealth of Virginia. Congress agreed to do so on July 9 of that year. The slave trade, though not slavery, in the capital was outlawed as part of the Compromise of 1850. Washington remained a small city — the 1860 Census put the population at just over 75,000 people — until the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861. The significant expansion of the federal government to administer the war and its legacies such as veterans' pensions led to notable growth in the city's population, as did a large influx of freed slaves. By 1870, the District population had grown to nearly 132,000. In the early 1870s, Washington was given a territorial government, but Governor Alexander Robey Shepherd's reputation for extravagance resulted in Congress abolishing his office in favor of direct rule. Congressional governance of the District would continue for a century. The Washington Monument, with construction stalled by other priorities, finally opened in 1888. Plans were laid to further develop the monumental aspects of the city, with work contributed by such noted figures as Frederick Law Olmsted and Daniel Burnham. However, development of the Lincoln Memorial, Jefferson Memorial and other structures on the National Mall, and construction of Potomac Park did not begin until the early 20th century. The many Depression relief agencies created by President Franklin D. Roosevelt's Boston and close behind St. Louis. The population declined in the following decades, mirroring the suburban emigration from many of the nation's older urban centers following World War II and the racial integration of public schools. The Electoral College as long as the District does not have more electoral votes than the least populous state. After the assassination of civil rights activist Memphis, on riots broke out in some sections of the city. The violence raged for four days, and many stores and other buildings were burned. At one point, the rioters came within two blocks of the White House. President Washington Metro subway system opening March 27, 1976. Today the system knits together Washington and its suburbs with a network of 86 stations and  of track. In 1973, Congress enacted the District of Columbia Self-Rule and Governmental Reorganization Act, providing for an elected mayor and council for the District. As a result, drug use in an FBI insolvent and was forced to give up some home rule to a congressionally-appointed financial control board. In 1998, Anthony A. Williams was elected the city's mayor and led the city into fiscal recovery. In 2006, Adrian Fenty was elected mayor. Among Mayor Fenty's many promises are increased attention to every citizen of the city and a world-class atmosphere in business and residence. In 2005, Washington D.C. was awarded a RFK Stadium for its first three years in Washington but this year the club will move in their new stadium called Nationals Park. The geographic center of the District of Columbia is located near 4th Street NW, L Street NW, and New York Avenue NW.L'efedra de Xina és un arbust semblat a la cua de cavall sent natural de Xinesa d'on li ve la seva denominació. És la mes important de les varietats d'efedra sent emprada des de fa mil·lennis. A la Xina es coneguda com Ma Huang per les seves propietats descongestionants, antiasmàtiques i estimulants. En Espanya existeixen en abundància altres espècies d'efedra. Entre elles, en la zona mediterrània i Aragó es troba la planta més potent del món, que conté el doble d'efedrina o més que l'efedra xinesa, del 1,9% al 2,5%. Aquesta planta pot tenir conseqüències fatals per a l'home, ja que tota la planta és verinosa a excepció del fruit carnós que envolta a la llavor. Per el seu ús medicinal s'utilitzen les seves parts aèries. L'efedrina té una estructura química similar a l'adrenalina. Presenta una acció estimulant del sistema simpàtic i de les fibres musculars llises per tant indueixen l'estimulació del sistema nerviós central, broncodilatació i vasoconstricció. Travessa la barrera hematoencefàlica però es metabolitza poc pel que la seva acció és més duradora que la de l'adrenalina. Produïx a més un efecte psicoestimulant, augmentant la capacitat de concentració i reduint la sensació de fatiga i somni.వెట్ సెల్‌లను ఇప్పటికీ ఆటోమొబైల్ బ్యాటరీల్లో ఉపయోగిస్తున్నారు, పరిశ్రమలో స్విచ్‌గేర్‌కు అత్యవసర శక్తి కోసం, టెలీకమ్యూనికేషన్ లేదా భారీ నిరంతర విద్యుత్ సరఫరాలకు వీటిని ఉపయోగించడం జరుగుతుంది, అయితే అనేక ప్రదేశాల్లో జెమ్ సెల్ ఉన్న బ్యాటరీలను వీటికి బదులుగా ఉపయోగిస్తున్నారు. ఈ అనువర్తనాలు సాధారణంగా లెడ్-యాసిడ్ లేదా నికెల్-కాడ్మియం ఘటాలను ఉపయోగిస్తున్నాయి.Na de revolutie kwamen naast revolutionairen ook alle criminelen op vrije voet. Tijdens de communistische tijd tierde de misdaad welig. De Goelag Archipel functioneerde als een universiteit voor de misdaad. Na Stalin's dood liet Chroetsjtjov veel gevangenen vrij, waaronder zich ook zeer veel misdadigers bevonden. Het misdaadcijfer steeg en veel mensen waren daar onrustig over. In het verleden moest men om een vor v zakone te worden door twee bestaande vory worden voorgedragen. Degene die werd voorgedragen moest een onbesproken staat van dienst moest hebben. Dit was belangrijk. Hij mocht geen openstaande speelschulden of andere schulden hebben, niet met de kampbewaking of justitie hebben samengewerkt, niemand hebben verklikt of op andere wijze oneervol gedrag hebben getoond. De voorgedragen kandidaat werd vaak in de gevangenis ingewijd. Door deze inwijding werd hij een vor v zakone. Voordat de kandidaat werd ingewijd, werd de op handen zijnde inwijding bekend gemaakt onder de gevangenen tot in de meest afgelegen gevangeniskampen.