In English and Chinese are the official languages as defined in the Basic Law of Hong Kong. Since Britain's arrival in 1843, English became the sole official language of Hong Kong until 1974. The majority of the population in Hong Kong are descendants of migrants from mainland China. Smaller minority groups include expatriates, immigrants from Western and Asian countries such as India, Nepal, United Kingdom and the Philippines, and their descendants.  The diverse population directly results in the rich variety of languages heard. Historically, English was the sole official language of the 1997 handover. The Department of Justice governs the legal aspect and the Education and Manpower Bureau monitors the educational aspect. In the Western districts of Hong Kong, Teochiu are common.  In Hakka is common.  Other forms like walled villages. The Tanka people from the fishing villages is another group having their own variation of Cantonese.Ajateenistusse mittesobivatele kodanikele on tänapäeval hakatud rakendama asendusteenistust või tööteenistust. Ajateenistuskohuslast nimetatakse kuni ajateenistusse võtmiseni kutsealuseks. Ajateenistuskohustust täitvat isikut nimetatakse reservväelaseks. Eesti kaitsestruktuurides on ajateenistuse pikkus varieerunud erinevatel aegadel 8 ja 24 kuu vahel.مقدمه صنعت انفورماتیک پزشکی ---- انفورماتیک پزشکی را حوزه کاربردی فن آوری اطلاعات و ارتباطات در پزشکی می‌توان تعریف کرد ، و به تولید و خدمات فن آوری اطلاعات در حوزه خدمات بهداشتی و درمانی صنعت انفورماتیک پزشکی اطلاق می‌شود . جهت توسعه این صنعت در داخل کشور نیازمند برنامه ریزی بر اساس فرصت‌ها و تهدیدهای سر راه و نقاط قوت وضعف خود هستیم . ۱. زیرساخت امنیتی ۲. زیرساخت تجاری ۳. زیرساخت حقوقTekoči zrak, tudi utekočinjeni zrak, je utekočinjen s kompresijo in hlajenjem na zelo nizkih temperaturah. Utekočinjeni zrak je sestavljen iz 78.1% raztopini. Njegovo absorbcije toplote spremeni v plinasto stanje. Utekočinjen zrak se uporablja v komercialne namene za zamrzovanje drugih snovi, zlasti pri proizvodnji dušika, kisika in argona. Ne vsebuje nikakršnih drugih komponent ali nečistoč, ki bi vplivale na klasifikacijo tega produkta. Vdihovanje Ni nevarno. Zaužitje Sterilno pokrijte. Pokličite zdravnika. Posebne nevarnosti Izpostavljanje ognju lahko povzroči eksplozijo ali gorenja. V kolikor se nevarnega območja.