ช่วงปลาย พ.ศ. ๒๔๓๕ พระบาทสมเด็จพระจุลจอมเกล้าเจ้าอยู่หัว ทรงพระกรุณาโปรดเกล้าฯ ให้กรมขุนพิทยลาภพฤฒิธาดา ทรงดำรงตำแหน่งเสนาบดีกระทรวงมุรธาธร  และกรมขุนสมมตอมรพันธ์ ทรงดำรงตำแหน่งอธิบดีกรมพระคลังข้างที่อีกตำแหน่งหนึ่ง ต่อมาใน พ.ศ. ๒๔๓๖ ทรงพระกรุณาโปรดเกล้าฯ ให้ กรมหมื่นสรรพสิทธิประสงค์ เสนาบดีกระทรวงโยธาธิการ เสด็จไปตรวจราชการที่หัวเมือง จึงทรงพระกรุณาโปรดเกล้าฯ ให้กรมขุนพิทยลาภพฤฒิธาดา ไปทรงบังคับบัญชาราชการในหน้าที่เสนาบดีกระทรวงโยธาธิการ และให้กรมขุนสมมตอมรพันธ์ ทรงบังคับบัญชาราชการแทนในหน้าที่เสนาบดีกระทรวงมุรธาธรเป็นการชั่วคราว ในช่วงปลายรัชกาล ทรงตามเสด็จพระบาทสมเด็จพระจุลจอมเกล้าเจ้าอยู่หัว ประพาสยุโรป เมื่อ พ.ศ. ๒๔๕๐ พร้อมด้วย กรมหลวงราชบุรีดิเรกฤทธิ์, กรมหลวงสรรพสาตรศุภกิจ และกรมพระนครสวรรค์วรพินิตHoward's biggest hit and signature song is the 1966 country hit, "Bill Anderson on a number of top 10 hits, including the number one hit, "For Loving You." Howard was born in Las Vegas one month later. One evening though, Jan was washing dishes in her kitchen. While she was washing dishes, she was singing and Harlan heard her sing for the very first time, and liked what he heard. He thought Jan had talent and wanted her to become a country music singer. Harlan persuaded Howard to make a demo tape of one of the songs he wrote called "Mommy For a Day." The song would later be a big hit for demo singer for her husband, singing demos for other Country artists, like Buck Owens and Tex Ritter. It was Jan Howard who originally sang the demo for the Patsy Cline hit "I Fall to Pieces." In 1959, she made her debut as a recording artist backed by Charlie Walker). In 1959, under the name Jan Howard, she released the single "Yankee Go Home", which failed to hit the country charts.  In 1960, the Howards went to Nashvile, Tennessee where they appeared on The Prince Albert Show, the Grand Ole Opry segment carried nationally by NBC Radio. Howard then released her first single under her new record company, Challenge.  Titled, "The One You Slip Around With", the song was Howard's first significant country hit, hitting the Top 15, peaking at number 13 on the Billboard country music chart.  Performing on the Grand Ole Opry led to friendships with several country singers, including singer Patsy Cline, who she introduced herself to. According to Cline's 1980 biography, Honky Tonk Angel, Cline originally yelled at Howard after a performance on the Opry stage.  Howard fought back, and Cline was shocked by her reply. Cline then said to Howard, "Anybody who stands up to Cline is all right, we're gonna be good friends." The two were good friends on and off the Opry until Cline's death in 1963. Howard appeared on ABC-TV's Jubilee USA on February 6, 1960, and later that year she won Billboard magazine's "Most Promising Female Country Award." In 1962, she charted successfully on the country charts at number 27 with, "I Wish I Was a Single Girl Again". However, none of Howard's other singles were successful, following that. Despite this problem early in her career, Howard did tour extensively. Howard however, felt a lack of self-confidence, which led her to fall out of expectations for the Opry's female acts. In 1966, Howard's career took off as a solo artist. In 1965, her record of "What Makes a Man Wander" hit the Top 25 on the country charts. Her next single was released in 1966 titled, "Evil on Your Mind". The song was the biggest solo hit of Howard's career, hitting number 5 on the Billboard country charts and proved to be her signature song throughout her career. The song also helped to prove that female country singers could speak of trouble in their marriages. An album of the same name was released that year. The follow-up to "Evil on Your Mind" was "Bad Seed". The song reached the Top 10 in 1966, peaking at number 10 on the Billboard charts.