Garis kasar bab-bab yang berikut berdasarkan edisi 100-bab. Edisi 120-bab yang ditulis oleh Yang termasuk kempen-kempen para penjahat yang lain yang dilakukan bagi pihak dinasti Song, manakala edisi 70-bab oleh Jing tidak memasukkan bab-bab mengenai penerimaan pengampunan oleh para penjahat serta kempen-kempen mereka yang menyusul. In order to conquer Liangshan, the imperial forces have to traverse the 800 li marsh. Commander Liu is in charge of the naval forces during this battle. However, the Ruan brothers of Liangshan manage to rout Commander Liu's forces when he is forced to split his boats in order to pass narrow creeks. Commander Liu is captured but released. Marshal Gao executes Commander Liu for the failure, and also due to him being redundant as all his men are killed or captured in the marsh. The 10 commandants suggest that 100 paddleboats be built for another assault. This time, Gao Qiu leads the assault force by himself. However, the Liangshan bandits again win the battle by having their men diving under Marshal Gao's boats and making holes in them. Gao Qiu is captured and brought to the Liangshan stronghold. 81-82 The Outlaws are granted amnesty When Gao Qiu is about to leave Liangshan, Lin Chong gets wind of his impending departure from Yan Qing and rushes to the shore with Lu Zhishen, only to see Gao Qiu's boat rowing away in the distance. Lin Chong vomits blood and faints, and becomes bedridden. Gao Qiu, upon returning, feigns illness to avoid punishment by the emperor for his failure in the expedition. The Imperial Tutor, Cai Jing, comes to visit him for a discussion. He suggests that Gao Qiu recommend the emperor to grant amnesty to the Liangshan bandits, so that they can order the bandits to go after Fang La in the south, who has declared himself an emperor. This would greatly weaken the forces of Song's men so that the treacherous officials can more easily deal with them. Song Jiang's men are finally granted amnesty, but some of the brothers decide to reject the offer of officialship and leave the Liangshan brotherhood. Lin Chong finally dies after his prolonged period in bed, regretting his failure to kill Gao Qiu. The novel inspired the popular RPG video game series Gensou Suikoden, as well as an earlier military strategy game by Koei, called Bandit Kings of Ancient China. Frank Chin's novel, Donald Duk, contains many references to the Water Margin. Song Jiang and Li Kui make several appearances in the protagonist's dreams. A character named "The Black Whirlwhind" in the RPG Jade Empire is also obviously inspired by Li Kui. A Hong Kong comic series was also drawn by the popular Hong Kong comic artist, Li Zhiqing. A 1980s TV serial was also produced in Hong Kong by the studio TVB. A Hong Kong movie starring Tony Leung was made in the mid-90's and it centred around Lin Chong, Lu Zhishen and Gao Qiu. A co-op at Cornell University is named Watermargin.  Its motto, All Men Are Brothers, is taken from the title of Pearl S. Buck's translation of the Chinese classic. --->