தமிழக சிறைத் துறை இந்தியாவின் தமிழ்நாடு மாநிலத்தில் சமூகத்தில் உள்ளவர்களை சட்டமுறைக்கு எதிரானவர்களிடம் இருந்து பாதுகாக்கும் பொருட்டும், சட்டமுறைக்கு எதிரான செயல்களினால் சிறை வாசத் தண்டனைக்குள்ளானவர்களை மனிதநேயத்துடன் நல்வழிப்படுத்தும் பொருட்டும், சிறைவாசத்துக்குப்பின் விடுதலையின் பொழுது முழுமையான, சமுதாயத்துக்கு உகந்தவராக, அவர் விடுதலை பெறவேண்டும் என்ற நோக்கத்திறகாக உருவாக்கப்பட்டதாகும். தமிழக சிறைத் துறை, இந்தியக் காவல் பணி, பயிற்சி பெற்ற தமிழக சிறைத் தலைமை இயக்குநரின் மேற்பார்வையில் இயங்குகின்றது. தண்டனைக் குற்றவாளிகளுக்குச் சிறைச் சீருடை சிறைச்சாலையில் வழங்கப்படுகின்றது. ஏனைய சிறைவாசிகளுக்கு அவர்களிடைய சொந்த உடைகளை உடுத்திக்கொள்ள அனுமதிக்கப்படுகின்றது. குற்றவாளிகளின் நடவடிக்கைகளை கண்காணிப்பது, அவர்களின் வாழ்வியல் சூழலை விசாரணை செய்வது, அதன் அறிக்கையை நீதிமன்றத்தில் சம்ர்பிப்பது. மேலும் நன்னடத்தை அலுவலர்க்ள குற்றவாளிகள் நன்னடத்தையின் பெயரால் அல்லது பிணையத்தின் பெயரால் முன்கூட்டியே சீர்திருத்தப் பள்ளியிலிருந்து விடுதலை பெறும் சிறைவாசிகள், மற்றும் இளஞ்சிறைவாசிகளைக் கண்காணிக்கின்றனர். கல்வியறிவு அற்ற பார்வையாளர்களின் வசதிக்காக மனுக்களை பூர்த்தி செய்ய அரசு சாரா தொண்டு நிறுவன அலுவலர்கள் இலவசமாக நியமித்துக் கொள்ள பார்வையாளர்களுக்கு வசதி செய்யப்பட்டுள்ளது.The other rivers of the region are the Luy de Béarn, tributary  of the Luy, the Ousse, and the Ousse des Bois, which flow into the Gave de Pau, and the Uzan, which joins the Luy de Béarn. A TGV rail line on the line to Paris and from Bayonne to Tolouse, and the A64 autoroute to the east. The A65, due for completion in  2010, will link Pau with Bordeaux. Pau was birthplace of Jeanne d'Albret, crossed France to ensure her son would be born there. The baby's lips were moistened with the local Jurançon wine and rubbed with garlic shortly after birth.  When Henry IV left Pau to become King of France, he remarked to local notables that he was not giving Béarn to France but giving France to Béarn. Napoleon III refurbished the château and Pau added streets of steeplechase. Charles XIV of Sweden was born in Pau, in 1763. Bernadotte was born in the town of Pau, in the province of Béarn, France. As the Campaign against Norway. Jean-Baptiste Bernadotte reigned as King Charles XIV of Sweden and Carl III Johan of Norway from 5 February 1818 until his death on 8 March 1844. The House of Bernadotte reigned in both countries until the Prince Carl of Denmark, a grandson of King Charles XV, was then elected as Norway's new king. The inescutcheon in the Greater Coat of Arms of the Realm. The original home of Bernadotte in the center of Pau - where he lived prior to moving to Sweden - has been maintained in good condition.  It is open for daily visits by the general public.