Bakshi Ghulam Mohammed was educated at C.M.S school teacher in far flung areas of political rights for the State's Muslim population, which was then under the autocratic rule of the Dogra rulers, culminating in the formation of the Muslim Conference in 1930. Bakshi Ghulam Mohammed displayed a great talent for organization and capacity for sustained hard work during this period. He organised the students and workers and set up their unions. He was arrested several times during the freedom struggle including a  sixteen-month term in Reasi sub-Jail. Within the National Conference party he earned the sobriquet "Khalid-e-Kashmir" after Khalid-bin-Walid, the great Muslim general. By 1938, people of all communities had joined the demand for responsible government, which had spread all over the State and the Muslim Conference's name was altered to National Conference. Bakshi Ghulam Mohammed worked underground during this period, keeping a step ahead of the State Police. In 1946, during the "Quit Kashmir" movement, Bakshi Ghulam Mohammed escaped to British India when a warrant was issued for his arrest. He visited many places mobilizing public opinion in favour of the Kashmir agitation. After Mahatma Gandhi's visit to Kashmir the warrant against him was withdrawn and he returned home after seventeen months exile.СПОМЕНИ ЗА АЛБУС ДЪМБЪЛДОР От Елфиас Доуж Срещнах Албус Дъмбълдор когато бях на единадесет години, през първия ми ден в „Хогуортс“. Нашето взаимно привличане беше несъмнено поради факта, че и двамата се чувствахме аутсайдери. Аз бях прихванал змейска шарка, малко преди да пристигна в училище и въпреки, че не бях вече заразен, моето белязано от пъпки лице и зеленикав оттенък, не окуражаваха много хора да се доближат до мен. От своя страна Албус беше пристигнал в „Хогуортс“ с бремето на нежелана слава. Едва преди година, неговият баща Пърсивал, беше обвинен в жестока, широко разгласена атака над трима малки мъгъли. Все пак в рамките на няколко месеца собствената слава на Албус започна да затъмнява тази на баща му. До края на първата година, той вече не бе познат на никой като сина на мразещия мъгълите, а като най-добрия ученик който някога бе стъпвал в училището. Тези от нас които имаха привилегията да бъдат негови приятели, бяхме благословени с неговите поуки. А да не споменавам и неговата помощ и подкрепа, с които той винаги е бил щедър. По-късно в живота той ми призна, че още тогава е знаел, че най-голямото му удоволствие е преподаването.Mange ledere innen arbeiderklassen talte om at arbeiderne hadde blitt forrådt av regjeringen, og at deres interesser hadde blitt ofret gjennom regjeringens vanstyre. Selv etter reformloven var det å være parlamentsmedlem noe som var forbeholdt personer med en viss inntekt og eiendom. Det ideelle parlamentsmedlem, etter datidens målestokk, hadde sine inntekter fra leie av jord, og dermed kunne han delta i parlamentet uten tap av inntekter. Dette begrenset mulighetene for middelklassen til å delta utover det å avgi stemme, og ville gjort det umulig for arbeidere å gå inn som parlamentsmedlemmer. Opprinnelig ble parlamentet innkalt kun når monarken ønsket det. Etterhvert, og særlig etter den ærerike revolusjon i 1660, levde parlamentet sitt eget liv, og hadde en konsitusjonell rolle også utenom monarkens direkte ønsker. Men det var fortsatt vanlig at parlamentet ikke ble innkalt hvert år. For chartistene var denne reformen viktig sett i sammenheng med de andre kravene, fordi den ville bety en styrking av et organ der arbeidere kunne være representert. Dette målet er fortsatt ikke oppfylt i lovs form, da parlamentet ikke trenger å ha årlige sesjoner.Valea Seacă este o localitate în Nicolae Bălcescu. Cea mai veche aşezare rurală din cadrul comunei este satul Valea Seacă, numele satului arată topografia locului, o aşezare între două înălţimi şi un pârâu care uneori seacă. Este atestat documentar în anul 1420, în timpul domniei lui Alexandru cel Bun. Catolicii din Valea Seacă numeau satul lor Bogdanfalava. Denumirea satului se pare că ar proveni de la un proprietar pe nume Bogdan. Satul, probabil, înainte de Ştefan cel Mare, ori în timpul lui, prin cumpărare sau schimb ajunge să fie „dreptu domnescu ascultându de ocolul Bacăului".1Na súa vida posterior, Ana non tiña unha relación próxima co seu pai, pero na súa infancia ela pareceu preocupada en compracerlle. A súa relación coa súa irmá María parece ser cordial, pero non íntima. Ela gozou dunha relación máis feliz coa súa nai e o seu irmán George, aos que Ana parece haberse sentido máis próxima. En francés e adquiriu un coñecemento detallado da cultura de Francia e o protocolo. Tamén desenvolveu un interese pola moda, e pola filosofía relixiosa que reclamaba a reforma da Igrexa. A súa educación europea terminou no inverno de 1521 cando regresou a Inglaterra seguindo as ordes do seu pai. Partiu de Calais, que entón aínda era unha posesión inglesa, en xaneiro de 1522. Ao principio, Bolena mantívoo en segredo, pero por 1528 era do coñecemento público que Henrique tiña a intención de casar con ela. Os parentes de Ana promoveron a súa causa e tiñan a moitos partidarios na corte. Ao principio, con todo, ela mantívose afastada da política. Deleitouse no seu estilo de vida recentemente descuberto —Enrique pagaba todo, e acumulou un gran gardarroupa de vestidos, peles e xoias. Asignáronlle o seu propio persoal de serventes, varias damas de honra e novas dependencias en palacio.