In 955 however the monastery was destroyed by the Hungarians . It was restored in 969 by Wolfold, a priest, as a house of canons. Benediktbeuern suffered four serious fires, in 1248, 1377, 1378, and 1490, but was prosperous enough to re-build each time. The abbey enjoyed for centuries an extremely high reputation as a place of learning and research. Botanical research and the establishment of a medicinal herb garden in about 1200 are also evidenced. In about 1250 the library  covered the whole range of higher education as it then existed. The abbey also excelled at theological, philosophical and scientific studies. In the 1530s Dom Antonius Funda made considerable advances in the systematic writing of monastic history.सिंहासन बत्तीसी की प्रथम पुतली थी । उन्होंने देखा कि एक स्री "बचाओ बचाओ" कहती हुई बेतहाशा भागी जा रही है और एक विकराल दानव उसे पकड़ने के लिए उसका पीछा कर रहा है। विक्रम ने एक क्षण भी नहीं गँवाया और घोड़े से कूद पड़े। युवती उनके चरणों पर गिरती हुई बचाने की विनती करने लगी। उसकी बाँहें पकड़कर विक्रम ने उसे उठाया और उसे बहन सम्बोधित करके ढाढ़स बंधाने की कोशिश की। उन्होंने कहा कि वह राजा विक्रमादित्य की शरणागत है और उनके रहते उस पर कोई आँच नहीं आ सकती। जब वे उसे दिलासा दे रहे थे, तो राक्षस ने अट्टहास लगाया। उसने विक्रम को कहा कि उन जैसा एक साधारण मानव उसका कुछ नहीं बिगाड सकता तथा उन्हें वह कुछ ही क्षणों में पशु की भाँति चीड़ फाड़कर रख देगा। ऐसा बोलते हुए वह विक्रम की ओर लपका।Sagene er et bydel Sagene, i indre by 2-3 kilometer nord for Oslo sentrum. Fra sagbruksdriften kom på 1500-tallet har Sagene vært knyttet til industri og elva. På 2000-tallet regnes Sagene som et stadig mer attraktivt område å bo i. Sør for ring 2 og vest for elva fortsetter Sagene langs Sagveien og Maridalsveien ned til Waldemar Thranes gate ved Alexander Kiellands plass. Her er godt bevarte gate- og bygningsmiljøer fra industrien på 1800-tallet. Her grenser Sagene til Ila. Det bor noen hundre mennesker i denne delen av Sagene. Områdene øst for elva er området der Myrens Verksted ligger nord for ring 2 opp til Bentsebrua og lenger sør Sagene skole og Sagene bad ved Beyerbrua. Mange vil regne dette til Sagene, mens andre vil mene at området hører til Torshov.Minden szerkesztő rendszernek van egy koncepciója, hogy szerkesztés közben a szerkesztést végző ember mit is lát a képernyőn.  Ezen látvány sok esetben valahol egy köztes félúton van a fájl technikai tartalma és a dokumentum kényelmesen olvasható tartalma között.  Számos szövegszerkesztő programnál a szerkesztést végző ember választhat, hogy a két pólus között hol helyezkedjék el a szerkesztés közbeni látvány.  E választási lehetőségnek az az oka, hogy mind a két pólusnak meg van a maga előnye és hátránya, és a szerkesztést végző ember pillanatnyi céljától is függ, hogy az adott helyzetben melyik kompromisszum a kényelmesebb számára. A WYSIWYG jelentése az, hogy a szerkesztő rendszer nagyon erősen, a kényelmes olvasási látványhoz közeli kompromisszumra van beállítva, vagy egyáltalán ilyenre beállítható.Prema nacionalnosti, 62,37% stanovnika se izjasnilo kao Hrvati, 18,02% kao Česi, 11,56% kao Srbi, a 3,03% kao Mađari. Ostale narodnosne zajednice zastupljene su s manje od 1% u ukupnom broju stanovnika. U 15. st. stanovništvo ovog kraja bilo je gotovo isključivo hrvatsko i katoličko, a prevladavajući govor, kako se može isčitati iz povijesnih spisa, bio je tipičan hrvatski kajkavski. To je zadnji trenutak kad se stanovnici grubišnopoljskog kraja mogu, gotovo bez iznimke, smatrati jedinstvenim narodom. 1684., nakon što su godinu dana ranije izgubili bitku pod Bečom, Turci gube Viroviticu, a nakon poraza kod Đurđevca ubrzano se povlače i, zajedno s muslimanskim stanovništvom, bježe put Bosne. Nakon što je 1689. oslobođena Požega, i u ovim je krajevima konačno nastupio mir.