আলী আমজদের ঘড়িঘর বাংলাদেশের সিলেট শহরে অবস্থিত উনবিংশ শতকের একটি স্থাপনা। এই ঘড়িকে কেন্দ্র করে একটি প্রাচীন প্রবাদ চালু ছিল এরকম- "আলী আমজদের ঘড়ি/জিতু মিয়ার গাড়ি ও বঙ্কু বাবুর দাড়ি"। কর্তৃপক্ষের খামখেয়ালীপনা আর চরম অবহেলার সাক্ষী সিলেটের এ প্রাচীন ঐতিহাসিক নিদর্শন ঘড়িঘরটি এখন অচল অবস্থায় পড়ে আছে।Uolt Disney - Amerikalı rejissor, rəssam və produser. Uolt Disney 5 dekabr 1901–ci ildə Çikaqoda İrlandiyadan gəlmiş çox kasıb bir ailədə dünyaya göz açmışdır. 1919–cu ildən etibarən Kanzas–Siti şəhərində karikatura rəssamı işləmişdir. Daha sonralar Disney reklam kompaniyasına daxil olmuş və burada Y.Ayverksomla birgə işləməyə başlamışdır. Onlar bir yerdə Disneyin məşhur qəhrəmanlarının hazırlanması ilə məşğul olmuş, rəsm karikaturaları çəkərək "Gülməyin qramı" adlı film yaratmışlar. Bu formada ilk reklam çarxları fəaliyyətə başlamışdır. Bundan sonra Uolt Disney özünün çox da böyük olmayan "Laf–o qramz" adlı şəxsi kompaniyasını yaratmışdır.During Pearson's time as Prime Minister, his minority government introduced universal health care, student loans, the Canadian flag. During his tenure, Prime Minister Pearson also convened the Royal Commission on Bilingualism and Biculturalism. With these accomplishments, together with his groundbreaking work at the United Nations and in international diplomacy, Pearson is generally considered among the most influential Canadians of the 20th century. As the newly-elected leader of the Liberals, Mr. Pearson had given an ill-advised speech in the House of Commons that asked Prime Minister John Diefenbaker to give power back to the Liberals without an election, because of a recent economic downturn. This strategy backfired when Diefenbaker seized on the error by showing a classified Liberal document saying that the economy would face a downturn in that year. This contrasted heavily with the Liberal's 1957 campaign promises. In the 1962 election, his party reduced the Progressive Conservative Party of minority government. Not long after the election, Pearson capitalized on the Conservatives' indecision on installing nuclear warheads on Minister of National Defence Douglas Harkness resigned from Cabinet on 4 February 1963, because of Diefenbaker's opposition to accepting the missiles. The next day, the government lost two non-confidence motions on the issue, prompting the election.