ফার্মির হেঁয়ালি হল বহির্জাগতিক সভ্যতা থাকার উচ্চ সম্ভাবনার বিপরীতে আপাতদৃষ্টিতে এর কোন নিদর্শন না পাবার, অথবা ভিন্ন কোন সভ্যতার সাথে মানুষের যোগাযোগ না হবার হেঁয়ালি। বহির্জাগতিক সভ্যতার অস্তিত্ব প্রমাণ ক‌রে ফার্মি হেঁয়ালি সমাধান করার নানান প্রচেষ্টা হয়েছে, আবার মানব জ্ঞানের বাইরে এমন প্রাণের অস্তিত্ব থাকা সম্ভব, এমনটি ধারণা করা হয়েছে। আবার এর বিপক্ষেও যুক্তি দাঁড় করানো হয় যে, পৃথিবীর বাইরে প্রাণের কোন অস্তিত্ব নেই, অথবা থাকলেও তা সংখ্যায় এতই কম যে মানুষের পক্ষে কখনোই তাদের সাথে যোগাযোগ করা সম্ভব হবে না।Tzv. britský rabat alebo správnejšie britská zľava je zľava na príspevok Spojeného kráľovstva do rozpočtu EÚ, ktorý vrаcia vláde Spojeného kráľovstva Európska únia. Zľava je vypočítavaná približne ako 2/3 podiel zo sumy, o ktorú platby Spojeného kráľovstva Európskej únii prevyšujú výdavky EÚ smerujúce späť. V súčasnosti má táto zľava hodnotu 3 miliárd libier ročne a Spojené kráľovstvo zostáva jedným z najväčších čistých prispievateľov. Metóda na výpočet zľavy je zložitá, ale jej efektom je to, že zvyšuje príspevky vyžadované od všetkých ostatných členských štátov.  Nemecko, Holandsko, Švédsko a Rakúsko majú svoje príspevky na túto zľavu obmedzené na 25% sumy, ktorá by im inak vychádzala, čím Francúzsko zostáva hlavným financovateľom zľavy. Posledné výpočty zľavy sa robia až štyri roky po rozpočtovom roku, ktorého sa týkajú.Legolas merupakan seorang karakter elf fiksi dalam legendarium J. R. R. Tolkien. Ia merupakan salah seorang karakter utama dalam buku The Lord of the Rings dan merupakan salah satu dari Sembilan Pembawa Cincin. Of the Sindarin Elves Long before the beginning of the First Age, the Elves of the Great Journey travelled westward through the lands of Middle-earth. Coming to the Great River Anduin and the high peaks of the Misty Mountains, some of the Elves of the clan of the Teleri fell away from the journey, and settled in the woodlands east of the Mountains. These were the original Silvan Elves, who lived on either side of the River. At this time in their history, all of this people still lived close together, with some dwelling in the land that would later be called Lórien, and the others settling around the hill of Amon Lanc in the far south of Greenwood the Great. It must have been in the time these Elves were living closely together that the Silvan Elvish language appeared. As history passed, the Elves would move away from one another, and mingle with other Elvish peoples, so that the Silvan branch of Elvish would eventually become extinct. Nonetheless, relics of that ancient tongue survived in some well-known place-names and personal names, such as Caras Galadhon, Amroth and even Lórien itself. The Silvan Elves dwelt in their twin woodland realms for many centuries, but in the Second Age the emerging power of Sauron began to drive them apart. Oropher was the ruler of the Elves who dwelt in the Greenwood, and he began to seek safety by moving his people northwards, away from Amon Lanc and away from the Silvan Elves who lived to the west of the Great River. The realm's Sindarin minority, who should have been more noble and wise than the Silvan Elves, went "native" at the end of the First Age. After Melkor was defeated and all of the grand Elf-kingdoms of Beleriand were destroyed, the Sindar returned to "a simpler time" in their culture. The realm of Lothlórien was similar to the Woodland Realm in that a community of Silvan Elves was ruled by a small non-Silvan group, i.e. Galadriel and Celeborn.Dans la mythologie, Corinthe est associée à Sisyphe et à ses descendants. C'est là que Médée et Jason se réfugièrent après que Médée eut organisé le meurtre de Pélias. Une princesse de Corinthe, Astyoché, donna naissance a un fils d'Héraclès, Tlépolème, qui fut tué par Sarpédon durant la Guerre de Troie. Les Bacchiades furent renversés par le Rome. La puissance et la prospérité corinthiennes atteignirent leur apogée sous Cypsélos et son fils Psammétique, la tyrannie fut renversée et remplacée par un gouvernement oligarchique qui entretint des relations amicales avec Athènes.