Tom Swift's father has been working diligently on a secret project, which he reveals at the beginning of the book as a submarine. With the submarine, named the Advance, he planned to enter it in a contest for a government prize of $50,000. While in New Jersey to launch the submarine, Tom notes in a news paper that a ship named the Boldero sank off the coast of Uruguay during a storm, taking down with it the sum of $300,000 in gold bullion. Tom persuades his father to pursue this treasure as opposed to compete for the government prize. While picking up a hired sea captain, Tom's plans are over heard by a contestant in the government contest, and a rivalry for the treasure begins. The other submarine, named the Wonder, soon sets off to follow Tom and his crew after disembarking on their journey. Tom's crew consists of Tom Swift, his father, Mr. Sharp, Captain West, and Mr. Damon. Each of these take chores on board, including Mr. Damon, who seems to be the cook of the voyage. The submarines hold up at an island to resupply, and during the night, the Advance tries to slip away from the Wonder. Tom knows that they Wonder and its crew isn't certain of the location of the wreck, and is merely following Tom, hoping to steal it at the last moment. After the Wonder tries to ram the Advance, Tom and his father take to the heavy underwater cannons, and successfully disable the Wonder, leaving her damaged and immobile. Tom and the Advance cease the opportunity to push ahead. An engine mishap with Tom's father forces the Advance to surface off the coast of Brazil, where they are soon confronted by the Brazilian battleship São Paulo. Tom and his crew are captured and scheduled to be executed two days later, and the submarine turned over to the Brazilian government. Tom and his friends are held prisoners aboard the battleship. The night before their execution, a hurricane strikes, and the São Paulo is pushing aground by the winds. The crew take this opportunity to break out and escape, while the battleship's crew are busy trying to save the ship. Using cover from the ship, which is acting as a shield from the waves and winds, Tom's group take to a lifeboat, and escape to the Advance, diving just in time to escape the Brazilian crew of the São Paulo.L'East London Line s'està ampliant dins un programa d'inversions de lliures. La línia complerta es reobrirà el 2010 i formarà part de la xarxa de London Overground. La línia passarà de ser una infraestructura menor a una àrteria clau del transport, convertint-se en un ferrocarril orbital enllaçant les àrees perifèriques de Londres. Inaugurada el metro londinenc el 1933. De les vuit estacions que tenia la línia, quatre eren soterrades i quan acabin les obres de la primera fase tindrà unes 23 estacions. L'identitat de l'East London Line va canviar considerablement durant aquesta època. Als mapes del metro entre el 1933 i el 1968 era colorejada del mateix color que la Metropolitan Line. El 1970 va ser reanomenada "Metropolitan Line - East London Section", en el mateix color lila que la Metropolitan però amb ratlles blanques. A la dècada de 1980 va esdevenir una sola línia de nou, va recuperar el nom i el 1990 es va colorejar de color taronja. El manteniment de la línia va passar al consorci TfL.În Anatoliei şi nordul Mesopotamiei la aproximativ 8000 î.Hr. Printre siturile neolitice din Asia de Sud se numără Mehrgarh în regiunea Balochistan datat aproximativ 7000 î.Hr. şi Lahuradewa aproximativ 6200 î.Hr. valea fluviului Gange în India. Unele descoperiri facute pe valea Gangelui indică aşezări neolitice datate aproximativ 8000 î.C. şi polen de cereale datat 13000 î.Hr. Aceste descoperiri pot indica o apariţie mai timpurie a modului de viaţă neolitic în această regiune.Godine Sveučilištu Heidelberg, a tema doktorske teze bila mu je drama XVIII. stoljeća. Kasnije je radio kao banci. I sam se okušao u pisanju romana i drama, no svi izdavači kojima je ponudio djela su ga odbili. S nacističkom strankom se upoznaje okupacije Ruhra, a službeni član postaje socijalističkim i komunističkim strankama uz pomoć nacističkih novina i paravojne organizacije SA. Do 1928., Goebbels je postao jedan od najvažnijih i najmoćnijih ljudi nacističke stranke. Nakon što su nacisti došli na vlast u siječnju Ministar narodnog prosvjećenja i propagande u novonastalom Trećem Reichu. Jedan od njegovih prvih činova koje je učinio kao novi ministar bilo je Kristalnom noći, prvim javnim i nekontroliranim činom antisemitizma iskazanim od strane nacista. Kao velik pobornik rata, Goebbels je učinio sve što je mogao kako bi maksimalno pripremio njemački narod na masivni oružani sukob. Tijekom samog Drugog svjetskog rata Goebbels je još više povećao svoju moć mijenjajući saveze s drugim nacističkim dužnosnicima. Godine propagandu i uvjeri njemački narod da prihvati ideju totalnog rata i mobilizacije. Goebbels je ostao vjeran kancelar Trećeg Reicha, no samo jedan dan. U svojim posljednjim satima, Joseph Goebbels je dopustio svojoj supruzi Magdi da hladnokrvno ubije njihovo šestero djece, a onda zajedno s njom počinio samoubojstvo 1. svibnja 1945. Nakon što je Magdom Quandt, s kojom je imao šestero djece. "Nacionalizam i socijalizam! Što ide prvo, a što drugo?", Goebbels je retorički pitao u jednoj debati s Theodoreom Vahlenom, Pomeranije, koju je vodio i časopisu National-sozialistische Briefe'' tijekom 1925.