De charmante koffiepot is een stripverhaal uit de reeks van Suske en Wiske. Het is geschreven door Willy Vandersteen en gepubliceerd in De Standaard en Het Nieuwsblad van 11 oktober 1969 tot en met 19 februari 1970. De eerste albumuitgave was in juni 1970. Lambik, Suske en Wiske zien licht branden in een verlaten huisje en gaan op onderzoek. Ze volgen voetstappen die bij het huis van tante Sidonia uitkomen, daar is net de ploegbaas van een aannemer op bezoek. Op de plek van het spookhuisje zal een gebouwencomplex gebouwd worden. Tante Sidonia vertelt dat de eigenaresse, juffrouw Sorsjeere, vertrokken is en haar heeft gevraagd op het huisje te letten tijdens haar afwezigheid. Jerom vertelt dat Lambik niet is thuisgekomen en vindt hem in het spookhuisje, Lambik raaskalt over een sprekende koffiepot en wordt met koorts op bed gelegd.In this installment of the series, the Captain  of the Federation USS Enterprise'' Chief of Security Lieutenant Worf is shocked to discover he has a son. As the episode begins, the Enterprise is unexpectedly approached by a Klingon Vor'cha class battlecruiser. The Enterprise is hailed by the Klingon vessel and Picard is surprised when Ambassador K'Ehleyr appears on screen. She requests permission to come aboard the Enterprise to discuss an “urgent matter”. K’Ehleyr informs the senior staff that a power struggle over control of the Klingon Empire is about to ensue, which could lead to a civil war perhaps even involving the Federation. She tells Picard that his old ‘friend’ Chancellor K'mpec is aboard the battlecruiser and wishes to speak with him. When Picard beams aboard the Klingon ship, K'mpec tells him that he has been poisoned and is dying. He adds that he doesn’t trust any of his fellow Klingons and requests that as an outside neutral party Picard act as his Arbiter of Succession, in effect deciding who is the best suited to be the next Chancellor. In addition he asks Picard to attempt to discover who his assassin is, as he is relatively sure it is one of the two aspirants for the throne and does not wish someone who acted with such dishonor to rule the Empire.იუპიტერი - მეხუთე პლანეტა მზიდან დაშორებით და მზის სისტემის უდიდესი ციური სხეული. პლანეტა ცნობილია ანტიკური ხანიდან და სახელწოდება მომდინარეობს ძველი რომაული ღვთაება იუპიტერიდან, რომლის საპატივსაცემოდაც მიიღო ეს სახელწოდება. მიეკუთვნება გაზის გიგანტების ტიპის პლანეტას. იუპიტერზე  ავტომატური ხელოვნური თანამგზავრების მისიები დაიწყეს 1973 წლის 3 დეკემბრიდან.ФК «Локомотив-НН» — российский Нижнего Новгорода. В чемпионате России 1997 года заняла 17-е место и покинула Высший дивизион. В том же году дошла до полуфинала Кубка Интертото.