Tari Gandut ini pada mulanya hanya dimainkan di lingkungan istana kerajaan, baru pada kurang lebih tahun 1860-an tari ini berkembang ke pelosok kerajaan dan menjadi jenis kesenian yang disukai oleh golongan rakyat biasa. Tari ini dimainkan setiap ada keramaian, misalnya acara malam perkawinan, hajad, pengumpulan dana kampung dan sebagainya. Gandut merupakan profesi yang unik dalam masyarakat dan tidak sembarangan wanita mampu menjadi Gandut. Selain syarat harus cantik dan pandai menari, seorang Gandut juga wajib menguasai seni bela diri dan mantera-mantera tertentu. Ilmu tambahan ini sangat penting untuk melindungi dirinya sendiri dari tangan-tangan usil penonton yang tidak sedikit ingin memikatnya memakai ilmu hitam. Dahulu banyak Gandut yang diperistri oleh para bangsawan dan pejabat pemerintahan, disamping paras cantik mereka juga diyakini memiliki ilmu pemikat hati penonton yang dikehendakinya. Nyai Ratu Komalasari, permaisuri Sultan Adam adalah bekas seorang penari Gandut yang terkenal. Pada masa kejayaannya, arena tari Gandut sering pula menjadi arena persaingan adu gengsi para lelaki yang ikut menari. Persaingan ini bisa dilihat melalui cara para lelaki tersebut mempertontonkan keahlian menari dan besarnya jumlah uang yang diserahkan kepada para Gandut.В результате операции была восстановлена Автономная область Западной Боснии во главе с Фикретом Абдичем. Однако, несмотря на подавляющее превосходство сербов, союзные войска не стали входить в армии Боснии и Герцеговины. В конечном итоге, это привело к развёртыванию ответной операции «Буря». Первоначально в задачу войск под командованием Миловановича входило освобождение всех сербских территорий, занятых противником 24—Республики Сербской решило одновременно с контрнаступлением на юге Автономную область Западная Босния.is a 26 episode animated Ghost in the Shell''. It was written and directed by Kenji Kamiyama, with original character design by Hajime Shimomura, a screenplay written by Hiroshi Satô, and a soundtrack by Yoko Kanno. It aired on Animax from 1 October 2002 to 25 March 2003, and was positively received by critics. The Laughing Man incident, which is central to the events of the series, begins 6 years prior to the start of the series. An accomplished computer hacker discovers an internal memo on a form of sclerosis called cyberbrain sclerosis, which reveals that a micro-machines. Members of the micro-machine industry in Japan and the Japanese government suppressed the memo in order to profit from the costly but less effective micro-machine therapy being developed. Outraged, the hacker kidnaps the CEO of fictional micro-machine corporation Serano-Genomix, and at gunpoint, tries to convince him to disclose the ineffectiveness of the therapy on live TV. The CEO refuses, and the hacker flees the scene. To protect his identity, he simultaneously hacks every electronic device viewing him and replaces his face with a stylized laughing face instead. The brazenness of the kidnapping and the hacking skill required to make his getaway turns the Laughing Man, as he is later dubbed, into a folk hero. The secret of the memo on cyberbrain sclerosis and the ineffectiveness of the micro-machine therapy, however, remains hidden from the Japanese public. In the wake of this initial incident, referred to in the series as the Laughing Man incident, a series of corporate terrorism and blackmail attacks occur which cause most micro-machine corporation stocks to dive. Although the incidents make use of the Laughing Man's stylized face to indicate his involvement, they are not carried out by the Laughing Man himself. The incidents are instead part of a massive stock manipulation scheme intended to force a government rescue of the targeted corporations. The success of the scheme benefits top corporate executives and government officials, who become extremely wealthy as a result. The Laughing Man is used as a scapegoat, and a police task force is formed to investigate the Laughing Man incidents. Top officials in the Japanese police and various internal government ministries spy on the police task force in an attempt to make sure the truth about the fake incidents and the internal memo on cyberbrain sclerosis remain hidden from the Japanese public. At the start of the series, a detective working as a member of the Laughing Man task force inadvertently uncovers the spying by discovering that several members of the task force have been injected with specialized micro-machines. Referred to as Interceptors, these micro-machines accumulate in the eyes and act as remote cameras, allowing authorized users to see from the visual perspective of the person injected with them. The detective attempts to contact Togusa, a friend and fellow detective recruited into Section 9 several years prior. Before he can meet Togusa, however, he is murdered by his superiors to prevent discovery of the truth. Before he is murdered, he manages to send Togusa a series of surveillance photos taken from the viewpoint of the Interceptors in the task force members. Togusa, although initially confused, quickly figures out the abnormal viewpoint of the photos and alerts Section 9 chief Aramaki.