Natural lakes on Earth are generally found in mountainous areas, glaciation. Other lakes are found in endorheic basins or along the courses of mature rivers. In some parts of the world there are many lakes because of chaotic drainage patterns left over from the last Ice Age. All lakes are temporary over geologic time scales, as they will slowly fill in with sediments or spill out of the basin containing them. In lake ecology the environment of a lake is referred to as lacustrine. Large lakes are occasionally referred to as "inland seas," and small seas are occasionally referred to as lakes, such as Lake Maracaibo, which is actually a bay. Larger lakes often invert the word order, as in the names of each of the Great Lakes,in North America. Many lakes are artificial and are constructed for industrial use, agricultural use or domestic water supply. Small, crescent-shaped lakes called oxbow lakes can form in river valleys as a result of meandering. The slow-moving river forms a sinuous shape as the outer side of bends are eroded away more rapidly than the inner side. Eventually a horseshoe bend is formed and the river cuts through the narrow neck. This new passage then forms the main passage for the river and the ends of the bend become silted up, thus forming a bow-shaped lake.Nemci so se zavedali končljivega položaja zato so se začeli pripravljati na vojno. Sedmega aprila je bila britanska admiraliteta obveščena o nenavadno živahni dejavnosti nemškega vojnega ladjevja, vendar tem obvestilom niso posvečali velike pozornosti saj so bili prepričani da gre za novo lažno vojno. Osmega aprila so tako britanski minopolagalci nemoteno polagali mine pred norveško obala istočasno pa je iz nemških pristanišč izplulo nemško invazijsko ladjevje. Pri napadu na Norveško je ključno vlogo odigrala nemška vojna mornarica, ki je namesto počasnih transportnih ladij za prevoz čet izbrala kar hitre bojne ladje saj je bila hitrost in usklajenost napadov ključ do zmage. Pomembno vlogo je odigralo tudi letalstvo. Cilji napada so bila predvsem večja Norveška mesta kot so Oslo, Bergen, Narvik Tromso, Trondeheim in Stanvangen.مشهد السيدة زينب بالقاهرة هو أحد أكبر وأشهر مساجد زينب بنت علي بن أبي طالب. يقع مسجد ومشهد السيدة زينب في حي السيدة زينب بالقاهرة حيث أخذ الحي اسمه من صاحبة المقام الموجود في داخل المسجد، وهو يتوسط الحي ويعرف الميدان المقابل للمسجد أيضا بميدان السيدة زينب . ويعتبر الحي الذي يقع فيه المشهد من أشهر الأحياء الشعبية بالقاهرة حيث يكتظ بالمقاهي ومطاعم الأكلات الشعبية واعتاد أهل القاهرة خصوصا في رمضان الذهاب إلى مقاهي هذا الحي وتناول وجبات السحور خصوصا هناك .= Вовед = = Дефиниции = Лиценцата нема да ограничува никого од продавање или бесплатно делење на софтверот како компонента на агрегатна софтверска дистрибуција која содржи програми од различни извори. Лиценцата нема да бара надоместок или било какво друго плаќање за таквата продажба. Програмата мора да содржи изворен код, и мора да дозволува дистрибуција во изворен код, исто како и во бинарна форма. Каде што некој проект не е дистрибуиран со изворен код, мора да постојат познати начини за добивање на кодот за не повеќе од разумна цена за репродукција, по можност со преземање од интернет без наплата. Изворниот код мора да биде преферираната форма во која програмерот ќе ја изменува програмата. Намерно криење на изворниот код не е дозволено. Форми на полупроизводи како што се излезите од препроцесори или преведувачи не се дозволени. Лиценцата мора да дозволува модификации и дериватни работи, и мора да дозволува тие да бидат дистрибуирани под истите услови кои ги дозволува лиценцата на оригиналниот софтвер.