Оваа статија се бави со Авторското право и неговата материја според уставот и законите во Република Македонија. За авторското право во другите земји погледнете ги другите јазични верзии на Википедија. Во Македонија со закон се уредува правото на авторите над нивните дела од областа на книжевноста, науката и уметноста, и правата на изведувачите во било која сфера. - пишано дело, како, книжевно дело, напис, статија, прирачник, брошура, научен труд, расправа и слично, - компјутерска програма, како книжевно дело, - говорно дело, како, говор, беседа, предавање и слично, - музичко дело, со или без текст,Der Süden wurde nach sowjetischem Vorbild restrukturiert, die Landwirtschaft kollektiviert und die Betriebe wurden verstaatlicht. Im Jahr 1978 trat Vietnam dem IWF, die Weltbank und ähnliche Organisationen daran hinderte, Vietnam Aufbaukredite zu geben. Das Resultat aus der Unproduktivität der Staatsbetriebe und der kollektivierten Landwirtschaft, den Handelshindernissen und den massiven Umweltschäden aus dem RGW-Staaten, die sich auf geschätzte drei Milliarden Dollar jährlich belief.Roemer Stroombreker groeit op in Maassluis. Zijn ouders zijn niet onbemiddeld en zoeken een goede partij voor hun zoon om het familiefortuin uit te breiden. Roemer wordt min of meer gekoppeld aan Diderica Croockewerff, de dochter van een reder. Als hij met haar huwt, heeft Roemer vier vissersschepen in bezit, twee buizen en twee hoekers en wordt een belangrijke reder. Zijn vrouw is echter qua uiterlijk minder aantrekkelijk voor Roemer. Ze is nogal gezet en als Roemer seks met haar wil, komt er een smerige lucht uit haar schaamstreek. Roemer kan geen erectie krijgen en al snel doet het gerucht de ronde dat hij impotent is. Het is echter alleen de lucht die Roemer tegenstaat, hij heeft totaal geen last van impotentie als hij Anna Kortweyl ontmoet. Anna is de vrouw van de schipper van een van Roemers schepen. Ze is een aantrekkelijke verschijning die erg lijdt onder de eenzaamheid als haar man weer eens op zee is. Anna en Roemer gaan met elkaar naar bed en uit het seksuele avontuur wordt een kind geboren. Aangezien Roemer en Anna beide getrouwd zijn met een ander laat Anna de jongen, Gilles genaamd, opgroeien als een kind van zichzelf en haar man.Naiskodukaitse on 2. septembril Kaitseliidu ülema käskkirjaga asutatud Kaitseliidu naisorganisatsiooni õigusjärglane. Põhikirja kohaselt on Naiskodukaitse üheks põhiülesandeks toetada Kaitseliitu ja sellest lähtub ka suur osa organisatsiooni tegevusest. Naiskodukaitsjate juhtlause on ajalooliselt olnud "Minu kohus!" Lisaks tõsistele ja vajalikele väljaõppeüritustele on Naiskodukaitses ka muid üritusi, kus saab oma võimeid proovile panna või siis end koos aatekaaslastega lihtsalt hästi tunda.  Üle aasta toimub üleriigiline NKK spordilaager, lisaks korraldatakse väiksemaid kohapealseid laagreid. Osaletakse KL suvepäevadel, Võidupüha paraadil, laske- ja muudel spordivõistlustel. Populaarseks on kujunenud üsnagi raske ja eneseületamist nõudev võistlus Naiskodukaitse Koormusmatk. Meestega võrdselt on NKK võistkonnad rassinud ka Eel-Ernal, Erna retkel, Põrgupõhja retkel, Sookollil ja lugematul arvul muudelgi võistlustel. Loomulikult tähistatakse Eesti Vabariigi aastapäeva ja Võidupüha, lisaks veel Naiskodukaitse aastapäeva, Kaitseliidu aastapäeva ja Naiskodukaitse mälestuspäeva. Naiskodukaitse tegevus on nii kirev ja mitmepalgeline, et raske on seda lühidalt kokku võtta - Naiskodukaitse pakub igaühele midagi!The Scandinavian systems are of an intermediate character, as they have a background of Roman and customary law together with partial codification.  The laws of Louisiana and Quebec may also be considered as hybrid systems, in that a French-type civil code coexists with pre-revolutionary French customary law and considerable common law influence. Roman law was in place in the Byzantine Empire until its final fall in the 15th century. However, subject as it was to multiple incursions and occupations in the latter Middle Ages, its laws became widely available in Western Europe. It was first received into the Holy Roman Empire partly because it was considered imperial law, and it spread in Europe mainly because its students were the only trained lawyers. It became the basis of Scots law, though partly rivaled by feudal Common law. In England, it was taught academically at Oxford and Cambridge, but underlay only probate and matrimonial law, inherited by canon law when secularized, and maritime law, adapted from the law merchant through the Bordeaux trade. The concept of codification was further developed during the 17th and 18th centuries AD, as an expression of both Enlightenment. The political ideal of that era was expressed by the concepts of democracy, protection of property and the rule of law. That ideal required the creation of certainty of law, through the recording of law and through its uniformity. So, the aforementioned mix of Roman law and customary and local law ceased to exist, and the road opened for law codification, which could contribute to the aims of the above mentioned political ideal.