Unreliable source is being used as historical facts on Wikipedia. It concerns the article on the Dalmatian Principality of Pagania in today's modern Croatia. Could Wikipedia’s Editors please investigate this? Sincerely Srećan Uskrs. Hristos voskrese! Vaistinu voskrese! Potaknut pitanjem na mojoj stranici za razgovor... slijedi odgovor, ali i pitanje. Sad bi zamolio sve koji su bili uključeni u ovu temu da se potsjetimo gdje smo stali sa raspravom i preimenovanjima, te da se dogovorimo kako dalje. Ako netko treba pojašnjenje mojeg prijedloga, pitajte. Našao sam jednu pravopisnu grešku, ali oni koji me poznaju znaju da i ja imam probleme s pravopisom pa neka to rješi netko pametniji.Caracalla's decree had thus effectively raised provincial populations to equal status with the city of Rome itself. The importance of this decree is historical rather than political. It set the basis for integration where the economic and judicial mechanisms of the state could be applied in all provinces, as was earlier done from Latium into all of Italy. Of course, integration did not take place uniformly. Societies already integrated within the Empire and situated in a central geographic position, such as Dacia, Moesia, Greece, etc, were favored by this decree, compared with those far away, too poor or just too alien such as Great Britain, Palestine or Egypt. If, for the first centuries after the Roman conquest of Dacian tribes and the Romans was clearly visible, as demonstrated by the episode when Emperor dialectical variants, either Român, Rumân, Aromân, Rumân or Rëmëri. The last clear anti-Roman stances are from the 4th century, when Constantine the Great defeated the Dacians, assuming the title Dacicus Maximus in 336, and the last Carpian attack in the 5th century. In the 6th century, the Thraco-Roman populations witnessed the invasion of the Avars. Under the dominion of the Avars, the Slavs made their appearance. From this time, the area experienced a state of cultural regression with the population becoming strongly Bulgar invasions. Although scattered throughout the Peninsula and reduced to more modest, rural life forms, this population preserved its ethnic identity and habits and continued to speak the same language. The Empire's loss of territory was offset to a degree by consolidation and an increased uniformity of rule. Emperor Hellenised the Empire by making Greek the Byzantine" instead of as "East Roman". “classical” world, thus making the Carpathian and Danubian territories part of a chain whereby Rome, its provinces, and the missionaries of the Iberia to the Caucasus.