Canal Nostalgia va ser un canal temàtic de Televisió Espanyola dedicat a l'emissió de programes de l'arxiu de TVE. Canal Nostàlgia va iniciar les seves emissions en 1996 dins d'un paquet de canals anomenat TVE-Tematica en el que s'estrenaven també Canal 24 Horas, Canal Alucine i Cinema Paradís. Aquests canals van començar emetent-se via satèl·lit, per passar a l'oferta de la desapareguda Via Digital a partir de 1997, plataforma on va passar la major part de la seva vida al canal 128. Després de la fusió de Via Digital i Canal Satèl·lit Digital en l'actual Digital Plus, es va mantenir l'emissió de Canal Nostàlgia únicament per als abonats procedents de Via Digital, i únicament mentre acabava el període contractat pels mateixos, per ser retirat per complet de Digital Plus passat aquell temps.Apabila Senzangakona mangkat, Dingiswayo membantu Shaka untuk menewaskan adiknya dan menjadi ketua pada sekitar tahun 1812.  Shaka mula menghalusi sistem ibutho dengan lebih lanjut melalui kaedah yang digunakan oleh Dingiswayo dan orang-orang yang lain. Dengan bantuan Empayar Mthethwa pada beberapa tahun yang berikut, beliau mengikat persahabatan dengan jiran-jirannya yang lebih kecil, terutamanya untuk menangani ancaman Ndwandwe di utara yang semakin bertumbuh. Taktik-taktik Zulu pada mula-mulanya bersifat kedua-dua pertahanan dan serangan, dengan Shaka lebih suka akan campur tangan atau tekanan diplomatik yang dibantu oleh beberapa pembunuhan yang bijak. Perubahan-perubahan masyarakat tempatannya berasaskan struktur-struktur yang sedia ada, dan bersifat sosial dan propaganda, mahupun ketenteraan. Terdapat juga sebilangan pertempuran, seperti yang dinyatakan dalam sumber-sumber Zulu. Some revisionists have doubted the military and social innovations customarily attributed to Shaka, denying them outright, or attributing them variously to European influences. But both explanations fall short. In fact the Zulu culture which included other tribes and clans contained a number of practices that Shaka could have drawn on to fulfill his objectives- whether in raiding, conquest or hegemony. Some of these practices are shown below. Introduction of a shorter stabbing spear area makes practical sense if an attack is to be pressed home, versus ritualized stand-off encounters involving throwing spears, as is the use of a larger shield in such close quarters combat. Implementation of a more reliable hand-held weapon would have been a must for aggressive raiding operations implemented under the Shakan regime. The expanding Zulu power inevitably clashed with white hegemony in the decades after Shaka's death. Indeed, white travelers to Shaka's kingdom demonstrated advanced technology such as firearms and writing, but the Zulu monarch was less than convinced. There was no need to record messages he held, since his messengers stood under penalty of death should they bear inaccurate tidings. As for firearms, Shaka was impressed, but after seeing muzzleloaders demonstrated, he argued that in the time the gunmen took to reload, the gunmen would be swamped by charging spear-wielding warriors. Ironically, this latter boast was to be put to the test against European opponents when the Zulu were defeated.伸救箚右議政鄭琢 伏以。李舜臣身犯大罪。律名甚嚴。而聖明不卽加誅。元招之後。復許窮推。非但按獄體段爲然。抑豈非聖上體仁一念。期於究得其實。冀有以或示可生之道歟。我聖上好生之德。亦及於有罪必死之地。臣不勝感激之至。第念。臣嘗承乏命官。推鞫按囚。固非一再。凡罪人一次經訊。或多傷斃。其間雖或有可 論之情。而徑自殞命。已無所及。臣嘗竊憫焉。今舜臣。旣經一次刑訊。若又加刑。則嚴鞫之下。難保其必生。恐或傷聖上好生之本意也。當壬辰倭艘蔽海。賊勢滔天之日。守土之臣。棄城者多。專閫之將。全師者少。朝廷命令。幾乎不及於四方。辭臣倡率舟師。乃與元均。頓挫兇鋒。國內人心。稍有生意。倡義者增氣。附賊者回心。厥功鉅萬。朝廷嘉甚。至加崇秩。賜以統制之號。非不宜也。舜臣爲大將。見可而進。不失時機。能擧舟師。大振聲勢。則臨難不避之勇。元均固有之。而畢竟摧陷之功。舜臣亦不讓於元均矣。舜臣諳 鍊備禦。手下才勇。咸樂爲用。未嘗喪師。威聲如舊。倭奴之最怕舟師者。未或不在於此。其有功於鎭壓邊陲如此。或者以爲舜臣一度建功之後。更無可紀之勞。以此少之。臣則竊以爲不然。四五年來。天將主和。皇朝東封之事又起。我國大小將士。不許措手於其間。舜臣不復宣力者。非其罪也。近日倭奴之再擧入寇也。舜臣之不及周旋者。其間情勢。亦或有可論。蓋凡當今邊將之一番動作。必待朝廷之成命。無復有專閫之事。倭奴未過海之前。朝廷秘密下敎。登時傳致與否。未可知也。海上風勢之順逆。舵運