యక్షులకు రాజు మరియు సిరి సంపదలకు అధిపతి. ఈయన్నే ధనపతి అని కూడా వ్యవహరించడం జరుగుతుంది. ఎనిమిది దిక్కులలో ఒకటైన ఉత్తర దిక్కుకు అధిపతి అనగా విశ్రవసుని కుమారుడు. ఈయన భార్య పేరు చార్వి.On the other hand, despite termination of the Cold War, military development and spending has continued, particularly in the deployment of nuclear-armed ballistic missiles and defensive systems. Because there was no formalized treaty ending the Cold War, the former superpowers have continued to various degrees – depending on their respective economies – to maintain and even improve or modify existing nuclear weapons and delivery systems. Moreover, other nations not previously acknowledged as nuclear-weapons states have developed and tested nuclear-explosive devices. Some chemical and biological weapons that were developed during the Cold War are still around, although many are being demilitarized. The risk of nuclear and radiological terrorism by possible sub-national organizations or individuals is now a major concern. The international nonproliferation regime inherited from the Cold War still provides disincentives and safeguards against national or sub-national access to nuclear materials and facilities. Formal and informal measures and processes have effectively slowed national incentives and the tempo of international nuclear-weapons proliferation. Numerous and beneficial uses of nuclear energy have evolved, all of which require structured safeguards to prevent malevolent use. Commercial nuclear-reactor operation and construction have persisted, with some notable increase in worldwide energy production. The management of nuclear waste remains somewhat unresolved, depending very much on government policies. As nuclear weapons are becoming surplus to national military interests, they are slowly being dismantled, and in some cases their fissile material is being recycled to fuel civilian nuclear-reactors. Because of — and during — the military and non-military exploitation of radiation-related accidents occurred at military and civilian nuclear reactors and facilities, causing direct fatalities, as well as involuntary occupational and public exposures.Dėl paranormalių sugebėjimų, Naoto ir Naoya Kiriharos yra atsisakomi tėvų ir atiduodami į Tyrimų Centrą. Po 15 metų jie pabėga ir netrukus sužino, kad artėja „Perversmas“, kuriame jie bus ypatingai svabūs asmenys. Naoto Kirihara - stiprus psichokinetikas. Taip pat jis geba telepatiškai susikalbėti su Naoya. Naoto jautrus ir labai impulsyvus, todėl jam Naoya labai pagelbėja kartais jį sulaikydamas. Naoya Kirihara - aiškiaregys ir telepatas. Užtenka jam prisiliesti prie žmogaus, kad jis sužinotų, kas jam atsitiks ir ką jis mąsto. Pamatęs kraupius vaizdus, Naoya dažnai vos neišprotėja. Naoyos charakteris priešingas pastarojo broliui - Naoya ramus, tylus ir jautrus. Jo niekaip nesuprato Mikumo, kai žalodamas Naoyą tikėjosi, kad šis įnirš, o Naoya tik pažvelgė į skriaudėją atlaidžiu žvilgsniu, kupinu gailesčiu jam. Taip pat Naoya turi gebėjimą gydyti.Julius Caesar besöker den egyptiska drottningen Kleopatra. Han förklarar att Egyptens storhetstid är över sedan länge. Upprörd lovar hon då att hon ska låta bygga ett palats åt Caesar inom tre månader för att bevisa att egyptierna ännu är de största byggarna och ingenjörerna. Hon tillkallar arkitekten Numerobis och ger honom i uppdrag att bygga palatset. Numerobis är dock inte någon särskilt duktig arkitekt - hans trappor blir sneda, dörrarna sätter sig, taket faller in. Numerobis förstår inte hur han ska klara uppdraget på utsatt tid men han kommer snart på en lösning. För många år sedan lärde han känna en gallisk druid ute på resa och han reser till ett snöigt Gallien där denne druid, Miraculix, bor i en liten by. Han förklarar sitt problem och Miraculix lovar att följa med tillbaka till Egypten med Asterix och Obelix för att hjälpa honom.