اوروپا هون ایمپئریاسی، IV عصراین سونلارینا دوغرو بالامیراین لیدئرلییینده قربه دوغرو یئریین هونلارین بیر هیسسه‌سی ایلک دفعه شرق آنادولویا گیردی‌لر. بالامیرین اؤلوموندن سونرا اوغولو یا دا نوه‌سی اولدوغو سانیلان اولدیز دؤورونده ایسه کارپات داغ‌لارینی آشیب ماجاریستانآ گیررک بورادا آوروپا هون دئولئتینی قوردولار. آوروپا هون دئولئتینین خاریجی سییاستی اولدیز دؤورونده تیین اولونموشدور. بو سییاسته گؤره بیزانس تزییق آلتیندا توتولاجاق و گئرمئن قؤوملرینه قارشی قرب روما ایمپئراتورلوغو ایله امکداشلیق ائدیلجک. بو رازیلاشمایا گؤرIn the late 1860s a number of large pastoral leases were taken up in the area but no township evolved. As late as 1889, when Assistant Surveyor Henry King set up camp on the north side of Merredin Rock, there was still no township. The first settlement was established to the north of Merredin Peak on the York to the Goldfields road but it was hastily moved when the railway, which could not follow the gradients of Hunts Road, was built a few kilometres to the south. The town really came into existence as a result of the goldrush. In 1888 the area to the east of Merredin was officially proclaimed a goldfield and over the next decade prospectors and fossickers poured through the area. Gold was discovered at Coolgardie in 1892 and at Kalgoorlie a year later. At first the prospectors used Hunt's waterholes road and this meant that they passed through the site of the modern town. In 1893 the railway reached the town. Merredin's importance as a town was directly related to the establishment of a superb water catchment scheme on Merredin Peak. A rock wall was built around the contours of Merredin Peak. It led to a 100 m channel which in turn led into a dam which had a storage capacity of 25 million litres. The scheme held every drop of water which landed on the Peak and directed it all into the dam which provided water for both the town and the railway. The entire structure is still intact and can be easily reached at the northern end of town. Constructed between 1893 and 1896, the Railway Dam ensured that Merredin would become much more than just another wheat-belt siding. The need for the water from Merredin Peak disappeared in 1903 when pipeline was completed. The pipeline joined the waterless goldfields at Kalgoorlie with the plentiful supplies of water in the Helena River east of Perth. Merredin Peak's Railway Dam continued to supply water to the railway until 1968 and even today is still used as the water supply for the fountain outside the Merredin Railway Museum.