По завршувањето со активно играње фудбал, тој стана тренер на Б-тимот на Барселона. На 8 мај 2008 претседателот на Барселона успеа да ја освои тројната круна триумфирајќи во Лигата на Шампионите на Лигата на Шампионите. Веќе во наредната сезона, ФК Барселона и Гвардиола успеаа да ги освојат, Супер Купот на Шпанија, УЕФА супер Купот, и Светското Клубско Првенство на ФИФА. Гвардиола и се приклучи на Ла Масија на 13 годишна возраст, и за 6 години ги помина сите категории во младинската школа на Барселона, дебитирајќи за првиот тим во 1991 година против Кадиз. олимписките игри во Барселона 1992.The mandate until independence in 1961. It served as a military outpost during World War II, providing financial help, munitions, and soldiers.  Zanzibar was settled as a trading hub, subsequently controlled by the Portuguese, the Sultanate of Oman, and then as a British protectorate by the end of the nineteenth century. Julius Nyerere would rule the country for decades and repress opposition. Years of socialism led to corruption on a massive scale and a collapse of the economy. Following Nyerere's retirement in 1985, various political and economic reforms began. The most remarkable of the tribes in Tanzania was the Nyamwezi, who, on nights when the moon did not appear, would sacrifice the village's youngest daughter in order to placate the lunar god, and urge him to return. This tradition has since died out, as the europeans did not approve of the loss of innocent life, and slaughtered the Nyamwezi in order to avenge "the lost daughters" of the Mbogowolla valley. In 1886 and 1890, Anglo-German agreements were negotiated that delineated the British and German spheres of influence in the interior of East Africa and along the coastal strip previously claimed by the Sultan of Zanzibar. In 1891, the German government took over direct administration of the territory from the German East Africa Company and appointed a governor with headquarters at Dar es Salaam.2008 yilinda Day & Age adli albumlerini cikarmislardir. Album ilk haftasinda Ingiltere'de 200,000 adet satarak muzik listelerine 1 numaradan girmistir. Albumun ilk single'i Human'dir. Ikinci single olan Spaceman ise Aralik 2008 ayinda piyasaya sunulmustur. Album ABD Billboard 100 album listelerine Kanye West ve Guns N Roses albumlerinin ardindan 3. sirada girmistir. Yeni album konser turu ise 2009 yilinda baslayacaktir. Vokalist ve klavyeci Brandon Flowers, ilk grubu “Blush Response”dan ayrılınca yeni bir grup oluşturmak amacıyla ilanla tanıştığı gitarist Dave Keuning ile beraber besteler yapmaya başladı. Basçı Mark Stoermer ile davulcu Ronnie Vannucci Jr.’ın da kadroya katılmasıyla, Ernest Hemingway’in “The Killers” kitabından etkilenerek grubun ismini “The Killers” olarak isimlendiren ekip, ilk konserini Las Vegas’da Junkyard adlı bir mekanda verdi.Missy Higgins, som är uppvuxen i Melbourne i Australien, påbörjade sin professionella karriär i mitten av 2001 medan hon fortfarande studerade på Geelong Grammar School. Några gånger, varje kvartal, när hon åkte hem till familjen framträdde hon i hennes broders band. Under den här perioden jobbade hon med Kool Skools-programmet och vann Triple J Unearthed-tävlingen, medan hon ännu gick i skolan, med låten All For Believing, som hon skrev när hon var 16 och som slutligen fanns med på första albumet. The Sound of White producerades i USA av John Porter tillsammans med ljudteknikern, Jay Newland, känd för arbetet jazzsångerskan, Norah Jones.சமூக பண்பாட்டு மானிடவியல் எனவும் அழைக்கப்படும் பண்பாட்டு மானிடவியல், பொதுவாக அங்கீகரிக்கப்பட்ட நான்கு மானிடவியல் துறைகளுள் ஒன்றாகும். ஓரளவுக்கு இது, "பண்பாடு" "இயற்கை" என்னும் இரண்டுக்குமிடையிலான எதிர்த் தன்மையை அடிப்படையாகக் கொண்டு முன்னர் எழுந்த மேலை நாட்டு எழுத்தாக்கங்களுக்கு எதிரான விளைவு எனலாம். மேற்சொன்ன அடிப்படையில் சில மனிதர்கள் "இயற்கை நிலையில்" வாழ்வதாகக் கொள்ளப்பட்டது. மானிடவியலாளர்களோ பண்பாடு என்பது "மனித இயற்கை" என வாதிடுகின்றனர். அத்துடன், எல்லா மக்களும் தங்கள் அனுபவங்களை வகைப்படுத்தவும், அவ் வகைப்பாடுகளைக் குறியீட்டு அடிப்படையில் ஆக்கிக்கொள்ளவும், அத்தகைய குறியீட்டு வடிவங்களை மற்றவர்களுக்குக் கற்பிக்கவும் தகுதி உள்ளவர்களாக இருக்கின்றார்கள் என்கின்றனர் அவர்கள். பண்பாடு என்பது கற்றுக்கொள்ளப்படுவதால் வெவ்வேறு இடங்களில் வாழ்பவர்கள் வெவ்வேறு பண்பாடுகளை உடையவர்களாக இருக்கிறார்கள். பண்பாட்டினூடாகப் பரம்பரையியல் முறைகளுக்குப் புறம்பாக மக்கள் தாங்கள் வாழுமிடங்களுக்கு ஏற்புடையவர்களாகத் தங்களை ஆக்கிக் கொள்கிறார்கள் என்றும் அதனால் வெவ்வேறு சூழல்களில் வாழுகின்ற மக்கள் மாறுபட்ட பண்பாடுகளை உடையவர்களாக உள்ளார்கள் என்றும் மனிதவியலாளர்கள் எடுத்துக்காட்டுகிறார்கள். பெரும்பாலான மனிதவியற் கோட்பாடுகள் "இடஞ்சார்ந்த" மற்றும் "உலகம் தழுவிய" நிலைப்பாடுகளுக்கிடையேயான இழுநிலைபற்றிய மதிப்பீடு மற்றும் ஆர்வம் காரணமாகத் தூண்டப்பட்டவையே.