Multani karvansarası XIV əsrdə hind tacirləri tərəfindən tikilib. Tikilinin aşağı mərtəbəsi yerin altında yerləşir. Üç böyük zaldan ibarət olan və tacirlərin satacaqları heyvanları saxlamaq üçün nəzərdə tutulan alt mərtəbənin üç qapısı var. Tacir öz heyvanlarını yalnız dənizə tərəf açılan qapıdan zirzəmiyə daxil edə bilərdi. Bunun özü də səbəbsiz deyil. Belə ki, dəniz tərəfdən İçərişəhərə daxil olanda yol yuxarı qalxdığından, salonun digər qapısından yalnız tacirlər pilləkənlə yuxarı, yəni qonaq otaqlarına qalxa bilərmişlər. Alt mərtəbənin digər zalının qapısı Qız qalasına açılır. Karvansarada "Sim-sim" adlanan zalın eyniadlı qapısı da qeyri-adi təsir bağışlayır. Ona görə ki, qapı "Əlibaba və qırx quldur" filmindəki məşhur "Sim-sim" qapısını xatırladır. Multani karvansarası öz qədimliyini demək olar ki, olduğu kimi qoruyub saxlayıb. Sadəcə, daşlar bir qədər ovulub tökülüb. Divarlarda qədim Azərbaycan xalçaları, bəzək əşyaları, xalça və kilimlər, qədim Bakını təsvir edən rəsmlər asılıb. Burada isə əsas məqsəd karvansaraya gələn əcnəbilərdə Azərbaycanın qədim və zəngin tarixi haqqında təsəvvür yaratmaqdır.বাংলা ভাষায় রচিত সাহিত্যকর্ম বাংলা সাহিত্য নামে পরিচিত। আনুমানিক খ্রিষ্টীয় নবম শতাব্দীতে বাংলা ভাষায় সাহিত্য রচনার সূত্রপাত হয়। খ্রিষ্টীয় দশম থেকে দ্বাদশ শতাব্দীর মধ্যবর্তী সময়ে রচিত বৌদ্ধ দোঁহা-সংকলন বাউল পদাবলি এবং ইসলামি ধর্মসাহিত্য ছিল এই সাহিত্যের মূল বিষয়। বাংলা সাহিত্যে আধুনিকতার সূত্রপাত হয় খ্রিষ্টীয় অষ্টাদশ শতাব্দীতে। ঊনবিংশ শতাব্দীতে বাংলার নবজাগরণের যুগে ভারত বিভাগের পর বাংলা সাহিত্যও দুটি ধারায় বিভক্ত হয় – পূর্ব পাকিস্তান-বাংলাদেশের সাহিত্য। বর্তমানে বাংলা সাহিত্য বিশ্বের একটি অন্যতম সমৃদ্ধ সাহিত্যধারা হিসেবে পরিগণিত হয়ে থাকে।He served as prime minister from 1982 to 1995 in four consecutive terms and then was voted out of office from 1995 to 2000. He was the prime minister who held the office for the longest run, one of 16 years, overtaking 2000 elections, for his fifth term. His alliance partner, Paul Bérenger of the Mauritian Militant Movement, succeeded him in 2003 after serving as Jugnauth's deputy for three years. Jugnauth was then elected president in 2003. He was a Member of Parliament for 35 years, from 1963 to 1995 and from 2000 to 2003. He was called to the Bar by Lincoln's Inn. He was a cabinet minister during the leadership of Seewoosagur Ramgoolam from 1965 up to 1969. In 1970, he moved out and went to the newly created political party of the Mauritian Militant Movement, where he eventually became its leader in 1982. He created his own political party called Militant Socialist Movement in 1983 and was once more elected. His party remained in power up to 1995. In 2000, he was once more elected prime minister and served until 2003, when he was sworn into the presidency. He was made Queen Elizabeth II in 1988 when the Republic was still a Commonwealth Realm and when the Queen acted as Head of State. Therefore he still uses his Formal title as Sir and also the prefix The Right Honorable. In 2010, his political party, the Vice Prime Minister holding the office of Minister of Finance . Anerood Jugnauth was born on the 29th day of March 1930 at La Caverne, Vacoas Phoenix, and was brought up there. He had his primary education at Palma Primary School and had his secondary education at Regent College. He taught for some time at New Eton College and later worked as a clerk in the Poor Law Department for some time before being transferred to the Judicial Department. In 1951, he left Mauritius for the UK to study law. In 1964, he was elected Chairman of the Palma Village Council. He was first elected to parliament as an Independent Forward Block candidate in the constituency of Rivière du Rempart District in 1963. Anerood Jugnauth served as a magistrate shortly after his resignation in 1966. In 1969, he was promoted to the Crown Law Office. In 1971, he was made Senior Crown Counsel.კრიტიკოსები ხშირად ”Electric Light Orchestra”-ს ადარებენ ”ბითლზს” და არც თუ იშვიათად აკრიტიკებენ კიდეც მათ ”ბითლზის” სტილის მითვისების მოტივით. ლინი კი თავის მხრივ აღიარებს, რომ ”ბითლზის” 1968-69 წლების პერიოდის ხმოვანებამ დიდი გავლენა იქონია მასზე, როგორც სიმღერების ავტორზე და ის, რომ მას ადარებენ ”ბითლზს” - ესაა მისთვის არა საძრახისი, არამედ პირიქით - ”უდიდესი კომპლიმენტი”.임부택 중령이 이끄는 제7연대는 춘천에 지휘소를 두고 제2대대는 제2연대1대대와 연계하여 양통리까지, 그리고 제3대대는 이에 이어 주목리까지 각각 진지를 점령하고 있었는데, 이 중 제11 및 12 양 중대는 연대의 예비인 제1대대와 함께 춘천에 있었다.