তাম্রলিপ্তি বা তাম্রলিপ্ত প্রাচীন ভারতীয় সাহিত্য, সিংহলি গ্রন্থ এবং গি্রক ভৌগোলিক ও চৈনিক তীর্থযাত্রীদের বিবরণে উল্লিখিত প্রাচীন মানব বসতিস্থল। এ সকল গ্রন্থ ও বিবরণ থেকে জানা যায় যে, পূর্ব উপকূলবর্তী তাম্রলিপ্তি বঙ্গোপসাগরে পড়েছে তার কাছে অবস্থিত ছিল। বিবরণসমূহে আরও উল্লেখ পাওয়া যায় যে, তাম্রলিপ্তি তৎকালীন বাণিজ্যপথের সঙ্গে যুক্ত ছিল এবং এখানে ব্যবসায়ী, পর্যটক ও তীর্থযাত্রীদের নিয়মিত যাতায়াত ছিল। এ সকল লিখিত উৎসের ভিত্তিতে তাম্রলিপ্তিতে মানববসতির কালসীমা মোটামুটিভাবে চতুর্থ/তৃতীয় খ্রিষ্টপূর্বাব্দ থেকে অষ্টম খ্রিষ্টাব্দ পর্যন্ত বলে নির্ধারণ করা হয়ে থাকে। দক্ষিণ এশিয়ার প্রাচীন বন্দর হিসেবে তাম্রলিপ্তির সর্বশেষ প্রমাণ বহন করছে অষ্টম শতাব্দীর উদয়মনের দুধপানি প্রস্তরলিপি। গি্রক ভৌগোলিক টলেমীর মানচিত্রে ‘তমলিটিস্‌’ রূপে তাম্রলিপ্তির উল্লেখ রয়েছে। চৈনিক তীর্থযাত্রী হিউয়েন-সাং তাম্রলিপ্তি শহরকে ‘তান-মো-লি-তি’ হিসেবে উল্লেখ করেছেন।Корпорація «Соні» була заснована Акіо Моріта і Масару Ібука 7 травня 1946. На самому початку вона називалася «Тоцуко», але, як з'ясував Акіо Моріта, це слово важко вимовляти американцям. Сучасна назва «Соні» походить від латинського слова «звук» — соннус [джерело не вказано 106 днів], крім того, Моріта намагався знайти слово, якого немає в жодній світовій мові. Моріта очолював компанію довгий час, відповідав за маркетинг та продажу і зумів привести її до величезного успіху на ринку. «Соні» зробила своє ім'я на доброму та привабливому дизайні і нововведення. Особливу роль «Соні» приділяла зменшення розмірів продукції і техніки для розваги. У 1950-і роки «Соні» визнала вирішальну роль транзисторів і випустила свій перший радіо «TR-63», ця новинка поклала початок успіху компанії. У 1970 — 1980 роках з'являються перші Walkman 'и. У 1983 «Соні» спільно з компанією «Філіпс» випустила на ринок перші компакт-диски.During this period, Middletown became a major center for firearms manufacturing. Numerous gun manufacturers in the area supplied the majority of Springfield, Hartford, New Haven, History of Connecticut industry) Middletown also briefly was the home of a major-league baseball team, the National Association. This mix of people has also become evident in the range of restaurants which Middletown now has, and which is quickly becoming one of the most well-known aspects of the city. Both natural events and a continuing influx of people and businesses impacted the city in the first half of the twentieth century. Middletown was hit by floods in 1927 and 1936, and by The Great New England Hurricane in 1938. Despite these occurrences, the Arrigoni Bridge was completed over the Connecticut River in 1938, which connects Middletown to Portland and points east, replacing an earlier bridge. During the 1950s, as the popularity of the automobile increased, government officials approved the construction of a highway that effectively separated Middletown from the Connecticut River, its initial, natural raison d'être.  Highway construction demolished historic neighborhoods, including many buildings from the 1700s, and led people to commute to newer housing outside older neighborhoods.  The loss of industry and jobs contributed to a decline in Middletown, like many other northeastern U.S. cities at the time, went into a decline that did not reverse until the 1990s.