EFA miał być głównie myśliwcem przewagi powietrznej z dodatkową możliwością atakowania celów naziemnych. Do wykonywania tych zadań konieczna była duża zwrotność i wysokie osiągi. Wymagano również niskiego przekroju radarowego RCS i zdolności do operowania z krótkich pasów startowych. Ostateczna wersja samolotu miała szklany kokpit z wyświetlaczami LCD, szerokokątny HUD i system sterowania HOTAS oraz fotel wyrzucany klasy zero-zero typu Martin-Baker 16A. W wersjach dwumiejscowych wyposażenie obu kabin jest identyczne z wyjątkiem wyświetlacza HUD, którego w tylnej kabinie nie ma. Jako uzbrojenie strzeleckie zamontowano po prawej stronie kadłuba działko Mauser BK-27 kalibru 27 mm z zapasem 150 sztuk amunicji. Pod kadłubem znajdują się cztery wnęki dla pocisków przeciwlotniczych i centralnie umieszczony węzeł podkadłubowy, ponadto po cztery węzły do mocowania uzbrojenia pod skrzydłami. Dwa z węzłów podskrzydłowych i jeden pod kadłubem są „mokre”, co oznacza, że umożliwiają podwieszenie dodatkowych zbiorników paliwa.بدأ لارسون مسيرته الكروية مع نادي هليسنبورغ السويدي وهو في عمر 17 عاما، وقد سجل 50 هدف في 56 مباراة مما لفت أنظار النادي الهولندي فيينورد، وفضمه إلى صفوفه بمبلغ 295,000 جنيه إسترليني في عام 1993. لعب لارسون لنادي فيينورد أربعة مواسم، وشارك خلال تلك الفترة في 101 مباراة وسجل 26 هدف، وقد خيب الآمال في ظهوره الضعيف، وفي عام 1997 تلقى عرض من نادي سيلتك الأستكلندي، ووافق عليه، وانتقل إليهم بمبلغ وقدره 650,000 جنيه إسترليني. تعتبر الفترة التي قضاها لارسون مع نادي سيلتك من أفضل فتراته على الإطلاق، حيث لعب معهم لمدة سبعة مواسم، وشارك خلالها في 315 مباراة وسجل 242 هدف، وهو ثالث أفضل هداف في تاريخ النادي، وفي عام 2001 فاز بجائزة الحذاء الذهبي بعد أن سجل في الدوري 40 هدف، وقد كان سجل في مجمل الموسم 53 هدف.Remembrance of the Daleks is a serial in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 5 October to 26 October 1988. The serial opened the 25th anniversary year of the series, and revisited the locations of the very first Doctor Who episode, "An Unearthly Child," specifically the Coal Hill School and the junkyard at 76 Totter's Lane. Meanwhile, Mike enlists the cooperation of his friend, Mr. Ratcliffe, whose fascist Association operates from a Builders warehouse. His agents recover the remains of the Dalek which Ratcliffe presents to a Dalek Battle computer secreted in his office whom he assures that the Doctor will be followed. The Doctor, troubled by the presence of the 'wrong Dalek', travels with Ace back to Coal Hill School, and with the permission of the Headmaster begin searching the school. The Doctor reveals to Ace that the Daleks have followed him through time to this point hoping to secure the Hand of Omega. In the basement of the school the Doctor and Ace discover a transmat device which the Doctor disables, causing a white and gold Dalek operator to charge on the saboteurs.  While Ace is incapacitated by the controlled Headmaster, the Doctor is locked in the cellar to face the rising Dalek chanting his extermination.  Ace overpowers the Headmaster and frees the Doctor, and  they make use of anti tank rockets forwarded by Group Captain Gilmore to deal with the Dalek. The Doctor, Smith, Jensen, and her assistant Allison travel to Gilmore's base where the presence of a large Dalek mothership is detected in Imperial Dalek assault squad to the transmat repaired by the Headmaster.  The Doctor vetoes a proposal of military action, warning of massive reprisals from the Imperial Faction.  He assembles a jamming device to interfere with the Dalek control systems.