Jaga Jazzist on eksperimentaalne jazz-sansambel Norrast, mis sai laiemalt tuntuks, kui BBC märkis 2002. aastal nende albumi "A Livingroom Hush" aasta jazz-albumiks. Bändi tuumikuks võib pidada vendasid Larsi ja Martinit, kes on ka põhilised lugude kirjutajad.  Loojaks on aga Martin koos sõbra Ivar Christian Johanseniga 1994. aastal. Poisid ise olid veel teismelised ning Lars alles 14-aastane. Johansen lahkus hiljem grupist. Muusika tegemiseks kasutab ansambel väga palju erinevaid pille, nagu näiteks trompetit, trombooni, tuubat, bass-klarnetit, vibrafoni ja suurel hulgal kitarre ja elektroonikat. Jaga Jazzist viljeleb peale jazzi ka nu-jazzi, elektroonilist muusikat, eksperimentaalrokki ja post-rokki. Muusikas otsivad nad tasakaalu inimese ja masina vahel,mille tulemuseks on väga ilus ja jõuline kõla.காம தேவன் என்பது காமத்தின் அதிபதியாக விளங்கும் ஓர் இந்துக் கடவுள் ஆகும். இவருக்கு ராகவிருந்தன், அனங்கன், கந்தர்வன், மன்மதன், மனோசிஜ், ரதிகந்தன்', மதனன், புஷ்பவனன், புஷ்பதானுவன், வசந்தன் போன்ற பிற பெயர்களும் உண்டு. காம தேவன் வில்லம்பு எய்திய ஒரு அழகான இளைஞனாக சித்தரிப்படுகிறார். அவருடைய வில் கரும்பால் ஆனது, அதனுடைய நாண் தேனீக்களால் உருவாக்கப்பட்டது, காம தேவனின் அம்பு ஐந்து வித நறுமண மலர்களால் ஆனது. காம தேவனின் வாகனம் கிளி. ரதி தேவி காமதேவனின் துணையாக உள்ளார். காமதேவனுக்குரிய பருவம் வசந்த காலம்.البريء فيلم مصري جريء يحمل أكثر من الحرية بمعناها الشامل، وذلك عن طريق إظهار لمحات من الفساد السياسي في مصر بعد سياسة الانفتاح، وبالتحديد خلال فترة ما سميت بانتفاضة 17 و18 الإنسان إلى سلطة معينة، ويختصر بعض النقاد فكرة الفيلم بالعبارة "قمع الحرية بجهل الأبرياء". كتب مؤلف قصة الفيلم السيناريو المكتوب "إهداء إلى عشاق الحرية والعدالة في كل زمان ومكان أهدي هذا الجهد المتواضع". بالرغم من جودة العمل الفني وإبداع الممثلين؛ انتقد البعض نهاية الفيلم لكونها -وحسب تعبير البعض- كررت النغمة الشرقية القديمة للحلول الفردية، والتي تتمثل عادة في التصفيات الجسدية.Ob koncu štiridesetih in v začetku petdesetih let gospodarske in socialne razmere po vsej Evropi hude, saj so bile še povsod vidne posledice vojne. V težkih razmerah se je znašla zlasti Walterja Ulbrichta. NDR je nastala v sovjetski okupacijski coni leta 1949. Tako je bil glavno mesto NDR le Vzhodni Berlin, njegov zahodni del pa je politično pripadal Zvezni republiki Nemčiji, od Berlina oddaljeni 150 kilometrov. Na meji med Vzhodnim in Zahodnim Berlinom sta se srečevala vzhodni in zahodni svet, svet komunističnega režima in zahodne demokracije. Vodstvo NDR je bilo ambiciozno, zahodnjakom je želelo pokazati, česa je sposoben socializem v skrbi za delavstvo in hiter gospodarski razvoj. Ulbricht je leta 1950 napovedal skokovit gospodarski razvoj NDR in po sovjetskem zgledu objavil petletni načrt gospodarskega razvoja, po katerem naj bi podvojili obseg industrijske proizvodnje. Seveda je bila v središču pozornosti tudi – tako kot v vseh drugih socialističnih državah – težka industrija, povsem zanemarjena pa je bila proizvodnja blaga za široko potrošnjo. Pa še tisto blago, kar ga je bilo,  je bilo slabe kakovosti.A concurrent estate or co-tenancy is a concept in property law which describes the various ways in which property is owned by more than one person at a time. If more than one person own the same property, they are referred to as co-owners, co-tenants or joint tenants. Most common law jurisdictions recognize tenancies in common and joint tenancies, and some also recognize tenancies by the entirety. Many jurisdictions refer to a joint tenancy as a joint tenancy with right of survivorship, and a few U.S. States treat the phrase joint tenancy as synonymous with a tenancy in common. The type of ownership determines the rights of the parties to sell their interest in the property to others, to will the property to their devisees, or to sever their joint ownership of the property. Just as each of these affords a different set of rights and responsibilities to the co-owners of property, each requires a different set of conditions in order to exist. Law can vary from place to place, and the following general discussion will not be applicable in its entirety to all jurisdictions. Finally, co-owners owe one another a duty of fair dealing. Because of this, any co-owner who acquires a mortgage claim against the property must give his co-owners a reasonable opportunity to purchase proportionate shares in that claim.