Hoki adalah wanita di kebanyakan negara di seluruh dunia. Terdapat dua jenis hoki, iaitu satu jenis yang dimain di atas padang rumput, dan sejenis lagi yang dimain di dalam gelanggang ais. Di negara yang mana hoki ais tidak begitu menonjol, jenis hoki yang dimain di dalam padang rumput dikenali dengan mudah sebagai "hoki", sementara di negara yang mempunyai hoki ais, sukan itu dikenali sebagai hoki padang. Adalah dipercayai nama hoki berasal daripada bahasa Perancis, iaitu "hoquet", yang kemudiannya diterjemah kepada bahasa Inggeris menjadi "hockey". Hockey was played at the Fédération Internationale de Hockey sur Gazon, or FIH as an international governing body by seven continental European nations, and hockey was reinstated in 1928.  Men's hockey united under the FIH in 1970. The game had been taken to India by British servicemen, and the first clubs formed there in Calcutta in 1885.  The Beighton Cup and the Aga Khan tournament had commenced within ten years.  Entering the Olympic Games in 1928, India won all five of its games without conceding a goal, and went on to win in 1932 until 1956, and then in 1964 and 1980.  Pakistan won in 1960, 1968, and 1984. Pada 1923, Malaya berjaya menubuhkan sebuah pasukan hoki dan telah mengadakan perlawanan persahabatan dengan India yang baru sahaja memenangi pingat emas dalam Sukan Olimpik. Selepas itu, pasukan hoki negara telah menjelajah ke beberapa negara di Macau dan Hong Kong dan mengadakan permainan persahabatan di sana. Traditional grass pitches are far less common in modern hockey with most hockey being played on synthetic surfaces. Since the 1970's sand based pitches were favoured as they dramatically speed up the pace of the game. However, in recent years there has been a massive increase in the number of 'water based' astro turfs. Indeed, international hockey is now predominantly played on this surface as it requires a greater level of ball control due to the less predicatble nature of the surface. For the purposes of the rules, all players on the team in possession of the ball are "attackers", and those on the team without the ball are "defenders". The match is officiated by two umpires.  Traditionally each umpire generally controls half of the field, divided roughly diagonally, although now experiments are being made where either umpire can make any decision anywhere on the field. The teams' object is to play the ball into their "shooting circle" and, from there, hit, push or flick the ball into the goal. The team with more goals after two 35-minute halves wins the game. If there is a draw in international tournaments the match can go to extra time and then to a penalty stroke competition. When passing and maneuvering between players, certain commands are used to ensure understanding of movements and plays among teammates. Although these vary depending on which country the game is in, there are a few standard calls. By calling "through" or "straight" the ball is passed straight ahead to another player. "Flat" or "square" signifies a pass made to the right or left of the player with the ball at a 90 degree angle. Passes made backward are occasionally signified by a call of "drop". A hit made forward at an angle is recognized as "up". In recent years, the penalty corner has gained importance as a vital part of the game as a goal scoring opportunity. Particularly with the advent and popularisation of the drag flick, penalty corners are highly sought after. Some tactics or set plays used involve the aforementioned drag flick, the straight hit, deflections towards goal, and various, more complex plays, using passes before shots at goal. The biggest two field hockey tournaments are undoubtedly the Olympic Games tournament, and the Hockey World Cup, which is also held every 4 years. Apart from this, there is the Champions Trophy Cup held each year for the six top-ranked teams. Field hockey is also played in the Commonwealth Games. Amongst the men, India has won 8 Olympic golds and Pakistan have lifted the World Cup 5 times. Amongst the women, Australia has 3 Olympic golds while Netherlands has clinched the World Cup 6 times. --->