Když dorazí k místu schůzky, Picard se sám přenese na povrch. Uvítá ho Walker Keel, ale spolu s ním jsou dva další důstojníci, kteří donutí Picarda odpovědět na důvěrné otázky. Keel vypráví Picardovi, že někteří vysocí důstojníci Flotily začali vydávat zvláštní rozkazy a chovají se podivně. Nemůže už věřit nikomu na své lodi a má podezření na rozsáhlé spiknutí nejvyšších míst. Picard má pochybnosti, a Keel ho nabádá k velké ostražitosti. Pak ho varuje, aby se o tomto rozhovoru nikomu nezmiňoval. Po návratu na Enterprise nechá kapitán Data, aby prověřil všechny rozkazy Hvězdné flotily za posledních šest měsíců. Enterprise pak na cestě objeví trosky lodi, kterou identifikují jako Horatio. Všichni zahynuli, včetně kapitána Keela. Kapitán Picard je šokován a svěří se se vším Rikerovi. Dat potvrdí zvláštnosti v rozkazech Flotily. Picard se tedy rozhodne letět k planetě Zemi. Po příletu na místo je uvítají starší důstojníci, admirálové Savar a Arron spolu s poručíkem Remmickem. Udivují se nečekané návštěvě Enterprise, ale pak pozvou Picarda a Rikera na večeři. Admirál Quinn se vyjádří, že by rád na Enterprise navštívil své staré přátele a jde se transportovat na loď. Po rozhovoru s Quinnem řekne Picard Rikerovi, že tohle jistě nemůže být Quinn, jen tak vypadá. Přikáže Rikerovi, aby dával na Quinna pozor, a transportuje se na Zemi.Two distinguishing features of the audio cassettes were the Story Teller jingle that introduced and ended each tape and the characteristic "ping" that sounded when the time came to turn the pages to encourage children to read along. The original collection was 26 issues long with each tape lasting up to 45 minutes, except for issue 26 which was 90 minutes long because it also contained the special preview issue for Story Teller 2 which immediately followed the original series. Story Teller 2 continued the tradition of the original by combining traditional, classic and contemporary children's stories. When Story Teller 2 ended, Marshall Cavendish followed it up with another 26-part series, Little Story Teller, which, as its title suggests, was aimed at a younger audience than the original series. Many of the stories in Little Story Teller featured the adventures of the inhabitants of the Magic Mountain, which included Leroy the Lion and Dotty the Dragon and Morris and Doris the hamsters. Three Christmas specials were also published. Released annually along with each series, the Christmas Story Tellers featured festive stories and even songs. The third Christmas Story Teller included stories suited to both the original series and Little Story Teller as well. Of the Christmas specials only Christmas Story 2 was made available in New Zealand or Australia under the title of Christmas Story Time. Christmas Story 3 was widely assumed to be the last title from the Story Teller series but in 1986, Marshall Cavendish released the Story Teller Song Book. The 52-page publication contained 20 all-time sing-along favourites rather than stories but it still retained the Story Teller tradition of featuring colouring and activity pages as well as an accompanying cassette tape. The partwork is now regarded as highly collectible, and issues can still be found today in second hand and charity shops but finding a complete set can be very difficult. Digital copies can also be found on auction sites such as eBay, but these are of dubious legality. Part 1 Part 2 Part 3 Part 4 Part 5 Part 6 Part 7 Part 8 Part 9 Part 10 Part 11 Part 12 Part 13 Part 14 Part 15 Part 16ძვ. წ. V საუკუნის პირველ ნახევარში სახალხო ტრიბუნებმა წამოაყენეს მოთხოვნა, რომ შექმნილიყო ყველასთვის მისაღები და საჯაროდ ცნობილი კანონთა კრებული. ამ მოთხოვნით ყველაზე აქტიურად ძვ. წ. 462 წელს ტერენტილიუსი გამოდიოდა. პატრიციუსები თავიდან შეეწინააღმდეგნენ ამ ინიციატივას, მაგრამ სენატმა გაგზავნა ელჩობა ათენში სოლონის კანონების შესასწავლად.