Under manager Irish League in 1998 for the first time in 88 years, amid euphoric scenes at Solitude after a nail-biting 1-1 draw against Glentoran. UTV's coverage of the agonising post-match wait in the home changing-room, which erupted in celebration once the title win had been confirmed, brought the Reds' triumph to a wide audience. Yet the championship was followed by another potential highlight that turned out to be a nightmare for everybody involved, when the 1999 final of the Portadown was cancelled due to a Cliftonville player who had featured in the semi-final being deemed ineligible, thereby giving Portadown a walkover in the final. The Reds subsequently reverted to type, often struggling against relegation. Still, they showed considerable spirit in beating Ards twice in relegation matches in two consecutive years. Nevertheless, in 2003 the Reds surprised the whole league when they managed to win yet another title, the League Cup. The Reds were back in the relegation play-off in the 2003/04 season under manager Marty Tabb, but comfortably disposed of Armagh City over the two legs. Since then the Reds have progressed, with a fifth-place finish in 2005/06 under new manager Institute boss Liam Beckett), and his Assistant Tommy Breslin. Fifth was the club's highest finish since the league win of 1998. The 2006/2007 season was a successful one for the club getting to the League Cup final and winning the County Antrim Shield. Finishing third ensured European football for the first time in five years. During the 2007/2008 campaign Cliftonville's performances in the first half of the season had seemed to make them genuine title contenders, spending much of the early and middle part of the season top of the table, going top with five games to go, however a poor run of form in the final fixtures of the campaign ended their hopes of winning the biggest prize in local football. The Reds finished the league campaign in third position fourteen points adrift of Champions Linfield. However Cliftonville again secured European football, in the shape of the UEFA Cup. This success meant that the club became the first Northern Irish side to play in all of UEFA’s competitions. This time being drawn against Danish giants FC Kobenhavn, the home leg took place at Mourneview Park, Lurgan and resulted in a four nil defeat and the return leg two weeks later, was held in the Danish National Stadium, Parken Stadium, and the result again was unfavourable this time a seven nil defeat. During the 2008/2009 campaign Cliftonville struggled in terms of their league performance but finished strongly to secure a top 6 finish. They won the County Antrim Shield and reached the Irish Cup final, 30 years since their previous victory in the competition. Alas it was not to be a victorious occasion with the Reds losing out to their near neighbours, Crusaders FC. The season was a success on a personal note for captain Chris Scannell, who finished top goalscorer in all competitions, and won the coveted Ulster Footballer of the Year trophy. The 2010/11 season began with a 1-0 aggregate win over Croatian side second qualifying round of the Europa league. Cliftonville lost to CSKA Sofia in Bulgaria in the first match of the third qualifying round with 3-0.