تعتبر بطولة كأس الأمم الأوروبية هي بطولة كرة القدم الرئيسية للمنتخبات في قارة أوروبا، وتقام البطولة مرة كل أربع سنوات، وقد بدأت في عام 1960. حتى عام 1976 كانت تتأهل أربعة فرق إلى الدور النهائي من المسابقة، وفي عام 1980 أصبح عدد الفرق المشاركة في كأس الأمم الأوروبية 8 فرق، وفي عام 1996 تمت زيادة عدد الفرق الأوروبية إلى 16 فريق. و قد كانت الفرق تختار بعد لعب مباريات تأهيلية، وفي عامي 1960 و1964 كانت تقام مباريات ذهاب وإياب بين فريقين، ويتأهل الفائز بمجموع المباراتين، ومنذ عام 1968 تحول النظام إلى نظام المجموعات التأهيلية وحتى عام 1976، وفي عام 1976 أصبح البلد المضيف يتم اختياره من بين المنتخبات الأربع المتأهلة، ومنذ عام 1980 أصبح اختيار الدولة المضيفة للكأس يتم قبل البدء بالتصفيات المؤهلة للبطولة. يسمى كأس الأمم الأوروبية باسم هنري ديلاوناي، نسبة إلى صاحب فكرة إنشاء بطولة كأس الأمم الأوروبية، وقد أنشأ إبنه بيير ديلاوناي شكل الكأس في عام 1960. في عام 1956 تم التخطيط لإقامة بطولة لمنتخبات كرة القدم في أوروبا، وفي عام 1958 تم إنشاء أول بطولة أوروبية للمنتخبات، وكان نظام البطولة يعتمد على مباريات تكون على طريقة الذهاب والإياب، ويلعب كل منتخب مباراة في دولته ومباراة في دولة المنتخب الأخر، وفي الدور قبل النهائي يتم اختيار منتخب من المنتخبات الأربعة المتأهلة ليستضيف المباريات المتبقية. و قد أقيمت أول مباراة نهائي لكأس الأمم الأوروبية في عام 1960 بين منتخب يوغسلافيا لكرة القدم ومنتخب الإتحاد السوفييتي لكرة القدم، وقد أقيمت المباراة في باريس، وقد فاز منتخب الإتحاد السوفييتي لكرة القدم في لقب تلك البطولة ليصبح أول منتخب يفوز بلقب كأس الأمم الأوروبية. و قد تأثرت بطولة كأس الأمم الأوروبية لكرة القدم 1964 بالسياسة كثيرا، فقد رفض منتخب اليونان لكرة القدم اللعب مع منتخب ألبانيا لكرة القدم، حيث كانت بينهم حرب، وقد أقيمت البطولة في إسبانيا، وفاز بلقب منتخب إسبانيا لكرة القدم بعد أن تغلب على منتخب الإتحاد السوفييتي لكرة القدم في مدريد. و قد تم تغيير طريقة التأهل في كأس الأمم الأوروبية لكرة القدم 1968، حيث قسمت الفرق إلى ثمانية مجموعات ويلعب كل منتخب مع الآخر مرتين، ويتأهل بطل المجموعة ليلاقي بطل المجموعة الأخرى في مباراتين ذهاب وإياب، وأقيمت البطولة في إيطاليا، وقد فاز منتخب إيطاليا لكرة القدم في لقب تلك البطولة، بعد المباراة النهائية المعادة مع منتخب يوغسلافيا لكرة القدم، حيث تعادلوا 1-1 في المباراة الأولى وفاز منتخب إيطاليا لكرة القدم في المباراة الثانية بعد أن تغلب على منتخب يوغسلافيا لكرة القدم 2-0.In Ontario at present, the Jewish, Muslim or Evangelical Christian schools, are not funded by the province. This discrepancy has been cited as discriminatory by both the Supreme Court of Canada and the United Nations Human Rights Committee, although to date the province has taken no action to change its existing school funding policies, on the grounds that Catholic school funding in the province is mandated by the Constitution of Canada. The Liberals and the NDP were both opposed to non-Catholic religious school funding, while the Green Party proposed eliminating the province's existing Catholic school funding in favour of a single public school board. There was a brief flurry of interest in health care issues when John Tory emphasized his support for an increasing role for the private sector in health care. In the final week of the campaign, NDP leader Howard Hampton criticized the media for focusing almost entirely on religious schools and virtually ignoring other issues. As a result of the redistribution, none of the three major parties took fewer seats than it held at the dissolution of the previous legislature. The Liberals and the Progressive Conservatives each gained seats, while the New Democratic Party's seat total remained unchanged. Polls indicate results for decided voters. More information can be found in the footnotes to each poll, including undecided results, if provided by the pollster.  A dash indicates the absence of a prompt for that party. Ipsos Reid’s companion poll was conducted on October 4-6, when a sample of 4241 adult was surveyed online via Ipsos’ I-Say Panel. With a sample of this size, the results are considered accurate to within ± 1.5 percentage points, 19 times out of 20, of what they would have been had the entire adult population living in Ontario been polled. These data were weighted to ensure that the sample's regional and age/sex composition reflects that of the actual Ontarian population according to Census data. Each party lost at least one incumbent MPP — Liberals Mario Racco and Caroline Di Cocco, PCs Joe Tascona and John Tory and NDP Paul Ferreira were all defeated, as was Tim Peterson, who had been elected as a Liberal in 2003 but left the party in 2007 and was seeking reelection as a PC. However, each party's losses were offset by gains in other seats. The actual changes in party standings were accounted for entirely by the four new seats resulting from redistribution and the defeat of Peterson. Overall, however, most incumbent MPPs were returned in their ridings. McGuinty became the first Liberal leader in Ontario to win two successive majorities in the legislature since 1937 election. All eleven ridings in John Rafferty, whom Mauro had defeated in 2003 by a margin of over 11,000 — Rafferty, in fact, spent much of the night leading Mauro. A judicial recount on October 31 increased Mauro's margin of victory to 50 votes. David Ramsay, similarly, trailed New Democrat John Vanthof in Timiskaming—Cochrane for much of the night, pulling ahead to a winning margin of 634 votes only in the final few polls to report. This was the narrowest margin of victory in Ramsay's 22-year career. Michael Gravelle also retained Thunder Bay—Superior North by an uncharacteristically narrow margin over Jim Foulds. As well, Nipissing by just 377 votes over Progressive Conservative candidate Bill Vrebosch — in 2003, she had defeated Progressive Conservative incumbent Al McDonald by a wider margin of over 3,000 votes.