Bangunan tersebut terletak pada satu tapak diantara pertemuan Sungai Kelang dan Sungai Gombak dan terkenal kerana merupakan satu tapak yang strategik, iaitu ditengah-tengah pusat bandar Kuala Lumpur. Keluasan kawasan tersebut adalah 10,200 meter persegi. Di bahagian belakangnya terdapat Jalan Belanda yang kini dikenali sebagai Jalan Mahkamah Persekutuan. Kedudukan bangunan dikatakan strategik kerana terletak berhampiran dengan Dataran Merdeka, Kelab Diraja Selangor dan Masjid Jamek yang kesemuanya terletak berhampiran Sungai Gombak. Sebelum merdeka, Bangunan Sultan Abdul Samad merupakan sebuah Pusat Pentadbiran Negeri-negeri Melayu Bersekutu, Pejabat Residen- General, Pejabat Besar Pos dan selepas kemerdekaan pula, ia dijadikan sebagai Pejabat Setiausaha Kerajaan Negeri Selangor, Majlis Mesyuarat Negeri dan Perbendaharaan Kerajaan. Bangunan Sultan Abdul Samad ini  juga menempatkan Mahkamah Agung Malaysia dan sebahagian daripada Mahkamah-mahkamah Tinggi Malaya dan Mahkamah Tinggi Kuala Lumpur pada tahun 1978. Bangunan Sultan Abdul Samad yang berbentuk ‘saracenic’ merupakan satu ciri senibina Moorish dan Moghul yang berunsurkan Islam. 3 buah kubah yang menghiasi bangunan ini membuktikanya. Pada peringkat awal ia diperbuat daripada kayu dan batu bata yang dicat warna hitam, namun ianya telah digantikan dengan kubah yang bersalut tembaga. Sebanyak RM 152,000 telah dilaburkan untuk membina bangunan ini dan merupakan bangunan yang termahal di rantau ini pada ketika ianya didirikan.After Martin's death there were protracted disputes in the Calcutta High Court and consequently his will was not proved until 1840. In the interim the Constantia building was used as a guest house for visiting Europeans. Initially, the school was only open to Europeans and Eurasians. The first major challenge that visited the La Martinière School as the events of 1857 when it had to leave its premises and was called to assist in the defence of the Lucknow Residency. The records show that in 1865 over 120 boys qualified for admission to the higher department of the Civil Engineering College at Roorkee. In the years following the Mutiny the city of Lucknow, now under the British Crown, underwent a tremendous change and the whole city was redesigned. La Martinière emerged as an outpost of the British Empire and it acquired the traditions of English public schools. In 1869, the La Martinière Girls' School was founded and in 1871 it moved to its present location. Initially the Girls' School was under the management of the Boy's School. The La Martinière College Principal was in overall charge of both the Boys' and Girls' Schools, with the Girls' school headed by a Lady Superintendent. The late nineteenth century and the early twentieth century saw the emergence of the school as an exclusive school preferred by the landed aristocracy of Awadh. In 1945, the College celebrated its Centenary. In wake of threat of invasion by the Japanese during the Second World War the Calcutta Schools was re-located to Lucknow. After Indian Independence, the curriculum was changed in 1947 with Urdu being dropped as a compulsory subject and replaced by Hindi. Many Anglo-Indians both students and Masters left for Britain and  Australia. This trend was to continue till almost the mid seventiesA lottery is a form of gambling which involves the drawing of lots for a prize. The word stems from the Dutch word loterij, which is derived from the noun lot meaning fate or  destiny. Lotteries come in many formats. The prize can be a fixed amount of cash or goods.  In this format there is risk to the organizer if insufficient tickets are sold.  More commonly the prize fund will be a fixed percentage of the receipts.  A popular form of this is the "50–50" draw where the organizers promise that the prize will be 50% of the revenue. Many recent lotteries allow purchasers to select the numbers on the lottery ticket, resulting in the possibility of multiple winners. The first known European lotteries were held during the Roman Empire, mainly as an amusement at dinner parties. Each guest would receive a ticket, and prizes would often consist of fancy items such as dinnerware. Every ticket holder would be assured of winning something. This type of lottery, however, was no more than the distribution of gifts by wealthy noblemen during the Saturnalian revelries. The earliest records of a lottery offering tickets for sale is the lottery organized by Roman Emperor Augustus Caesar. The funds were for repairs in the City of Rome, and the winners were given prizes in the form of articles of unequal value. An English lottery, authorized by King James I in 1612, granted the Virginia Company of London the right to raise money to help establish settlers in the first permanent English colony at Jamestown, Virginia. Bolita, a type of lottery popular in Cuba, was brought to Tampa, Florida in the 1880s and flourished in Ybor City's many Latin saloons. Toward the end of the 19th century a large majority of state constitutions banned lotteries. Finally, on July 29, 1890, U.S. President Benjamin Harrison sent a message to Congress demanding "severe and effective legislation" against lotteries. Congress acted swiftly, and banned the U.S. mails from carrying lottery tickets. The Supreme Court upheld the law in 1892, and that brought a complete halt to all lotteries in the United States by 1900. When lotteries raised their head again in 1964, it would take many years of constitutional amendements by the various states before the lotteries were allowed to flourish again. On March 12, 1964, New Hampshire became the first state to sell lottery tickets in the modern era. In Australia, lotteries operators are licensed at a state or territory level, and include both state government-owned and private sector companies. Even while the Omnibus Bill was still being written, subway system, announced a "voluntary tax". For a $2.00 "donation" a player would be eligible to participate in a draw with a grand prize of $100 000. According to Drapeau, this "tax" was not a lottery for two reasons. The prizes were given out in the form of silver bars, not money, and the "competitors" chosen in a drawing would have to reply correctly to four questions about Montreal during a second draw. That competition would determine the value of the prize that the winner would win. The replies to the questions were printed on the back of the ticket and therefore the questions would not cause any undue problems. The inaugural draw was held on May 27, 1968.