i'll give it a try What are all the factual inaccuracies in the book God's Debris by Scott Adams? I was trying to find a list off all the facts that he made up himself. hello, we have a question on our geography revision... Name ethnic groups which arrived in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia in the 1950's and 60's, another group which arrived in the 1970's & 80's and another group that arrived in the 90's and 2000's. if you could help that would be great!! thanks!!! what is meant by configuration of an ERP Application? Please will you tell me what is a "Lloyds Name" and what qualifies one to become a "Lloyds Name"? Hurricane? Hurricane Katrina? Hurricane Rita? Why were the plains states grasslands with few trees while other parts of the country was forested?  Thanks. thanks Is there a good way to keep cattle from breaking off irrigation sprinklers in a pasture? The only thing I can think of is putting metal cages around the sprinklers and just dealing with the deflection caused by them. Also, an elevated ring around the sprinkler would also work. Does Shaq play basketball because he chose basketball or because basketball chose him. I thought it was obvious enough! But maybe not... reproduce AND HAVE FUN!! That is if your fortunate enough to live in a free country I looked at the Wikipedia article, but it offered no definitive answers. I want this question resolved before I expend any more energy on my high school education. Please help me to draft a business proposal for US based company I would like to find out about herstory. They dont seem to teach it in schools. Can anyone help me? If you clean your teeth real well, is there really a need for Dentists? Why can't regular doctors learn oral surgery? Does anyone know who were the first 2 IB schools in Asia? Thanks for this. What did Chad Chunning do from quitting nirvana until joining his new band? Can anyone tell me anything about Bob Jones what movie did charmane star do a double penetration scene in ? what is the movies title ? what year was the adult movie released and by what adult film company was it distibuted by ? at your website a page on charmane star mentions trivia on her that mentions a double penetration scene but does not name the movie she did it in.  --will I was just wondering, what are the basic parts when it comes to writing a monologue. We have to do a radio monologue and it's really annoying me. I hope you can help. Thanks did you have a question?? Hello, Who was the first Swedish born player inducted in the Hockey Hall of fame? Thanks for the help! Hello! Who is the first Team to have won the Stanley cup? again i googled and wikipedia seems to have an article on the Stanley Cup.... so there you go! go down to 'Early Years', the last sentence on the first paragraph in that section should tell you the first team to win... Thanks, I'm new to this process and appreciate the kindness. What a remarkable phenomenon is Wikipedia! I'm still interested in the other U.S. services that use uniforms such as the U. S. Park Service Park Rangers, the United States Park Police, USDA Forest Service rangers, Game Wardens, the United States Border Patrol, etc., their corresponding pay rates and rankings. The seven military services articles were very satisfying in scope and thoroughness. I'm still looking for something comparable for the other uniformed services, some of whom have extensive military training, carry weapons and put their life on the line every day. Is bisection or newton raphson faster? it's bisection, right? less iterations? What is a "cedent"?  The term is used often in the insurance industry. Please advise. Thanks! David I have an aerial view of two atoll's or islands next to each other shaped like a star and a crescent moon. There are large boats in the water around them, but I cannot find anywhere on the web where these atolls or islands are located. They look just like the Star and Crescent of the Red Crescent organization. I would like to know where they are located. --SG Hello! I have a wonderful recipe for even more wonderful "chunky chocolate cookies", which I found in a cookie bakery in New York City. But they gave me a recipe which is aimed more to the U.S. public, because there is no single indication of ingredients made in the metric system. What's a good restaurant in midtown, Atlanta, Georgia? Just looking to take some friends to dinner there, less than $20. IS it possible to overdose on vitamin C? Has anyone ever died at six flags in atlanta? Is aspartame bad for you? OK, I've got a crazy idea. You know those toilet bowl tablets? They're bleach tablets, same thing you put in a swimming pool, ie calcium hypochlorite. Can I save some cash and just use the chlorine tablets for my pool in my toilet bowl, or will something go horribly wrong? yes, but they will possibly overchlorinate your toilet water and make your bathroom smell like a poolhouse. it could also corrode any metal in your toilet, including the handle and flapper assembly. IF you don't have iodine, can you sanitize water with a couple of drops of bleach? what's a good stock broker that allows otc bb trades and is less than 10 bucks a trade? Who was the actor who played the banjo boy in deliverence? is he still alive today and if so does he act? how many ppl die from that fish that's poisonous but ppl still eat it? HAVE THE STOCK HOLDERS RECIEVED THEIR DIVIDENDS FOR THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2004? OR WAS THERE BACKUP WITHHOLDING? the muffin man? the muffin man? is there a movie with a character called lord forest? what's the max distance for a wifi conncetion? does anyone know if the river there is open to kayaking? which is the biggest mosque of the world how did katrina affect overpopulation in places like dallas and houston People who escaped from New Orleans fled to Dallas and Houston. Gesiwuj. Hi, I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask or even if I'm wasting your time, but I'm looking for a reference list for all the titles released on RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video, particularly the "Magic Window" series which were issued in the custom clamshell boxes. I've looked almost everywhere else I can think of, so I hope you can help! Thanks, Ian Dickson Brighton UK I am looking for the most recent populations of the following cities, Baton Rouge,Alexandria, New Orleans,Shreveport,Lake Chareles,Lafayette,Monroe all cities are Louisiana cities. Does lactulose tickle? What chocolate-flavored milk product once advertised free Captain Midnight Secret Decoder rings? I've noticed the use of the term "swiftboating" several times in the past few months.  It is used in the sense of someone being swiftboated,ie,  being lied about.  Recently it was used in our local newspaper as "he was swiftboated".  In that particular case the person had been the subject of a lie. Is this word going to, or has it, entered our vocabular as a new idiom? EWB anyone got any tips on keeping away daddy longlegs? thanks! In reality you can be pro-active when selecting an inkjet printer and research the most economical inkjet printer type to purchase.  Most printers sell for almost nothing to purchase but the manufacturer makes up the loss with the selling of inkjet cartridges. There are 2 Manufacturers that make products that have 3rd party inkjet cartridge suppliers. They are Canon and Epson. The Back holds 30 ml and the Color are 15 ml each. HP , Dell and Lexmark sell printers that have the Head Mechanics built in and as a result sell only much higher priced replacement cartridges. They offer free delivery to your door, for any purchase over $50.00 and have the best prices I could find anywhere in Canada. amendments made to The Madras Hackney Carriage Act 1911 and further laws existing in the state? How exactly does a bullet to the brain or heart kill you? I was wondering if XS Citrus Blast Energy drink is simply made up of caffeine and some flavors, or does this drink have a makeup of things that really provide energy. Also, would it be best to just buy a can of coke instead? What is the value of a Lional engine and coal tender, model 736? why did they stop selling alochol after the 7th inning.And what year and teams were playing On the contents page under 2.4 ,value of the new dinar, there is an urgent update notice that says the Iraqi Dinar is expected to oeg the week of October 1st 2005. Can you explain why? Mallary i have been reseraching material for a book on me during the Blitz of Plymouth.  You are incorrect on the number of people for a shelter. Each sheet of metal  was multiplied accourding to who were to use it. One adult & 2 children equaled ONLY 2 sheets deep!  Two adults or more, 3 sheets. Father away in the Navy, so the two sheet deep size was our lot!  Floor was wood made by grandfather to keep out the damp.  A FULL SIZE DOUBLE MATRESS FITTED PERFECTLY ON THE FLOOR.  My father cut a naval hammock into two & hooked to the length of the 2 sheets.  We swayed as the gun vibrations from antaircraft weapons fired from local park. When was the most recent oil refinery built in the United States and where? Why is explanation-guide.info's of the Largest Mobile companies web page biased? It states at the bottom of the page that your web site gives them the info, but all of the US carriers stats are a year and more out of date. They list all of the EU and Asian companies as being the largest, even thought Cingular, Verizon Wireless, and Sprint-Nextel have larger numbers then most of the other EU and Asian related carriers on their web site. And why will they NEVER replay back to my question about this? Can you please help me out? Cingular 51 Million users Verizon Wireless 47 Million users, and Sprint-Nextel 45 Million Users as of the last quarter in 2005. How can these other carriers have higher numbers?! Why can't you and your partner web site give credit to the USA?! Thanks, Russell Why are consumers the Define & discuss the mind-body split. I am trying to find tapes/CD's/DVD's of "The Letter People" series that aired on Public Broadcasting in the 70's. It's my understanding that New Dimensions in Education, Inc. sold the rights in 1990.  I am not interested in the badly copied versions that are being sold on Ebay.  SR Where do I find listing of Russian companies doing business in the US?   Thanks MB Was Univision always in Spanish? I did a Google Search on a lady named Myrta Belle Strong.  One of the results I got back was from WIKIPEDIA and listed that on February 10, 1917 she married Carl L. Gregory.  I am researching the life and career of Mr. Gregory and while I have seen News reports of His marriage to Ms. Strong, I have never been able to get an exact date, nor have I been able to confirm the marriage.  I am looking for the source of your information ot verify the date of this marriage. Thank you. Buckey Grimm Why is the control center of a ship called The Bridge? How do I achieve my full potential in life. Also I need to get some revenge on some enemies any tips and also how to deal with backstabbers.  the_hidden_master Simple Use Google Nmak3000 3-  A trader  has five store in a  state. the store makes sales 7 days a week. the daily sales are in an array called SALES. Write a program i to read the whole array from keyboard into the computer memory ii  compute and prints the total slaes for each day iii compute and print  the total weekly sales for each store iv  compute and print  the total weekly sales for all the store. 4 write a program that compute the sum of all prime members between  1 to 1000. Why are Japanese ppl so tiny? Two weeks ago I bought myself a pet cockatiel... I love my pet but I'm trying to train him and I've read repeatedly in several webpages that the first thing one must do is clip a bird's wings. Although I find this a cruel thing to do, I am thinking of taking him to a vet and having his wings clipped. How often should this be done though? How long before they "grow back"? Also, is it something I can do myself? I think it'd be a good idea to take him to a vet first to have it done professionally, but can I learn to do it myself or is it too risky? I think this is somewhere in Westminster or Glastonbury. Thank you in advance for your help. 1st. October 2005. can i ask a high court judge to make a legal judgement of a concern of mine, as to the conduct of a Local Council? i hope you are well, your servant, Br. Michael. The Hermitage 20, Berwick Road Marlow Buckinghamshire. SL7 3AT. Grande-Bretagne. Tel - Fax  +44 01628 474034. from sunrise to sunset. Hermits Journal.  www.marlowhermitage.net I would like to write the acronym KIS in different scripts, especially Korean, Japanese, Hebrew, Russian, Greek, Hindi and Tamil. Does anyone know where I can look up this info. Thanks. How many pages are required in order to make a full soap opera on Microsoft Word? Anyone know to what this refers? May come from the period 1915 to 1945. Term/phrase appears in recollections, written in 1972, from an aunt born in 1899, deceased in 1992. How exactly does drowning kill you? Why can't the body take the oxygen from the water? Is it actually possible to swap bodies with someone? By like brain transplant or some magical way? And would anyone be interested in writing a list of all the places this cliched plot point has happened? Hi, Cheers. Keep up the good work, Hi, Thanks Dils ranking in the british police Describe and evaluate three models of abnormality How do you get rid of Box Elder Bugs? What are the components of business environment? What is the concept and purpose of environmental analysis? What are the techniques of environmental analysis? Does one part of Buffalo, N.Y. get more snow than another area?  My daughter is moving to the area and I would like to know which side has the least snow fall.  Thanks. Kat I am considering setting out on the street corners and byways where I live and playing my guitar and singing songs that I've learned from various mediums and "passing the hat" for tips. Is this legal? I'm not really destitute or anything by any stretch of the imagination nor am I in a needy financial position. But just wondering if anyone out there could offer some insight that could possibly save me some legal greif later on? What are the nutritional values of peppermint tea? Is Kentucky in the South or the Midwest? What year did the late 1980s begin? Hi! I need to know 1. What is consumer awareness? 2. What are the different forms of consumer exploitation? 3. What is the role of producers in consumer awareness? I keep reading about deficit spending in the U.S. and how the recent relief efforts from Hurricaine Katrina and the ongoing operations in Iraq and Afghanistan are being financed from borrowed money. Why isn't more people in the US, and in the world, voicing more concern over the deficit spending in the United States?  It just does not make sense. Thank you Is there specific advive/steps to take when seeking for a male child? Dear Sirs Is there any information on persons who have survived after being shot multiple times? I have a friend who was shot ten times last week and thankfully has survived. I shall be grateful if you will respond. The illuminati diamond is suppose to be an ambigram of the words, Earth, Air, Fire and Water in the shape if a diamond. Does anyone know what this symbol means and where it came from? How happened on September 29,1949? Do credit card companies ever "Forgive" a debt? Who is the leading Asian producer of bananas? I have 2 XP's loaded on my hd for some reason, at start-up i get the screen to select which one to boot from, one works, the other doesn't. How to I get rid of the one that will not boot? I want to get it of my hard drive all together, how would I go about doing that?? john I was wondering why east asians have a low nose bridge. VC stands for Vice-Chancellor in Universities. But some VCs become "Virus Chancellor" like virus in a computer, when they start to create problems for the entire system of academics and administration. Especially when a particular VC is not interested in the standard of academics but interested only in the trading of Degrees and diplomas, there a Virus Chancellor is born. The recent example is the VC of Hidayatullah National Law University at Raipur.Whereever there is money,VC will be there. He wants only percentage. nothing more. Can boxing and rugby be considered as Extreme sports? What track did joe budden appear in for the rap artist jin or what track did he place his own verse in of rap artist jin lyric song on a mixtape? If mixtape, what mixtape was it? I am in search of examples of file naming conventions for an Architectural and Engineering office environment. More specifically, I currently in the process of implementing a new document storage database to store new and existing electronic files and need to develop a clear and concise file naming system using hierarchical groupings of categories and subcategories.  These categories and subcategories are only two of several attributes being used within the database to describe each document and are only intended to create general document classifications for search and retrieval. How to build a house fly trap and what is the best bait for luring house flies into the trap? RESPECTED SIR/MADAM CITIES IF POSSIBLE TOWNS AND VILLAGES ALSO, FOR MY WEBSITE. I AM REQUESTING THIS BECAUSE I FAILED TO FIND IT AND IT IS VERY VERY TIME CONSUMING.FOR I AM BUSINESS MAN WITH LOTS OF PROBLEMS. I WILL BE VERY THANKFUL TO YOU IF YOU CAN HELP ME IN THIS MATTER. WITH WARM REGARDS. SHAJU CHUKKIRIYAN INDIAHans opprinnelige navn var Bir Narsingh Kunwar. Han fikk navnet Jang Bahadur av sin onkel på morssida, Mathebar Thapa. Han var den viktigste herskeren i landet på 1800-tallet. Han skapte Rana-dynastiet, som fortsatte å herske eneveldig fram til Nepals demokratiske revolusjon 1950 - 1951, og Mulukti Ajn, som var landets lov fram til 1962. Hans mors onkel var Bhimsen Thapa, Nepal/Gorkhas første store statsminister på 1800-tallet. Da hans bestefar Bhimsen Thapa falt på slutten av 1830-tallet, mista han stilling og eiendom. Han levde i Nord-India i noen år før han kom tilbake og blei artillerikaptein i den nepalske hæren i 1840. I november 1841 ba kong Rajendra Bikram Shah ham om å bli med i kongens livgarde. I januar 1842 begynte han å arbeide som kaji i palasset. Da hans onklel på morssida, Mathbar Singh Thapa, blei statsminister i 1843, førte også det til at Jang Bahadur styrka sin stilling ved hoffet. Men Nathawar Singh syntes nevøen var for ambisiøs, og sørga for at han fikk ei mindre viktig stilling ved staben til kronprins Surendra Bikram Shah. Kong Rajendra Bikram Shah hadde i 1843 gjort sin yngste hustru, dronning Rayalaksmi, til regent. På denne tida hadde også kronprinsen, Surendra Bikram, lagt press på faren for at han skulle ta over kronen. Han var ikke sønn av Rayalaksmi, men av en eldre hustru av kongen. Rayalaksmi fikk likvidert hoffolka til sin eldre dronningrival, som tilhørte Phandey-familien, og fikk isteden inn sine egne tilhengere fra Thapa-familien. Statsminister Mathbar Singh Thapa var håndplukka av dronninga, men han begynte angivelig å intrigere mot Rayalaksmi sammen med kronprinsen. Hun fikk ham derfor drept i mai 1845. Han blei skutt av sin nevø, general Jang Bahadur Kunwar. I september samme år blei han medlem av regjeringa. På general Jang Bahadurs råd, beordra dronninga at en hoffmann fra Phandey-familien skulle arresteres og henrettes for drapet. Men mannen som fikk ordren nekta å utføre den. Kongen var også mot. Jang Bahadur oppfordra statsministeren til å eksekvere dødsdommen. Han nekta også. I følge den offisielle historia kasta den rasende Rayalaksmi seg da mot den angivelige gjerningsmannen for å drepe ham sjøl, men statsministeren la seg mellom. På dette tidspunktet - igjen i følge den offisielle historia - starta massakren. En skuddsalve braka, deretter fulgte en blodig kamp med sverd. Da den var over lå statsminister Fateh Jung Pandey død, sammen med minst 55 andre hoffmenn. I løpet av det som i nepalsk historie er kjent som Khot pawa - khot eller arsenal-massakren, blei General Jang Bahadur angivelig utnevnt til statsminister av dronninga. Da den avsatte kongen seinere på året gjorde invasjon i Bhadgaon. Også den nye kongen var nå i praksis fange i palasset, og hadde ingen reell makt. Jang Bahadur sørga for å få ham omgitt av spioner, sensurerte det han leste så han bare fikk «passende» lesestoff, osv. Isteden sørga Jang Bahadur for å installere sine egne tilhengere ved makta, og spesielt besette ledende stillinger med medlemmer av sin nærmeste familie. Historikere har hevda at Jang Bahadur egentlig ønska å sette sin egen familie på tronen. Men Storbritannia, som fra 1816 var den stormakta som hadde mest innflytelse i Nepal, godtok ikke det. Følgen var at Jang Bahadur isteden skapte det uvanlige systemet der han ikke tok den formelle kongemakta, men fungerte som konge. Han fikk også laga ei rekke strålende uniformer og designa Rana-kronen, som var en kopi av Shah-dynastiets krone men mer overdådig, bl.a. med en klase smaragder på den ene sida. I 1849 fikk han gjennom et dekret som erklærte at kunwar-familien var rajput, noe som ga den samme kastestatus som den kongelige Shah-familien. Fra denne tida begynte han også å bruke familienavnet Rana. Statsministerens følge dro først via Patna i det nåværende India. På veien jakta de tigre og hjorter og fanga elefanter. Derfra dro de med SS Haddington via Madras, Ceylon og Aden til Egypt. Overalt blei følget mottatt med salutt og andre æresbevisninger. Ved Suez reiste følget over land til Alexandria, der det gikk ombord i SS Ripon og seilte videre via Malta og Gibraltar til Southampton, der de gikk iland 26. mai 1850. Jang Bahadurs kronikør forteller om hvordan både skipenes organisering og havet gjorde et mektig inntrykk på følget, som aldri hadde sett noe liknende. For de engelske skipsbesetningene var det også en minneverdig tur. Bl.a. kunne Jang Bahadur ikke spise sammen med noen andre, for å ikke bli urein. Samtidig hadde følget med egne kyr, som Jang Bahadur mjælka, sammen med geiter, sauer og hester. Jang Bahadur Rana hadde flere møter med Dronning Viktoria. Han appellerte til de snobbete engelskmennenes sans for orientalsk prakt og rikdom og blei bl.a. rost for sine strålende diamanter.第二次世界大戦中には全米製造業者中、第2位を誇った。現在は企業買収を進めながら事業の多角化を図り、アクチュエーター、コントロール、バルブ、金属表面加工などでの小規模だが超先端技術を駆使したコンポーネントメーカーとして航空機分野、軍用分野を含む多分野多方面で活動している。 一連のホーク・シリーズで米陸軍向けP-36戦闘機を開発、米国を含む各国に販売。第二次世界大戦初期にはこれで大成功を収めていた。その後P-40戦闘機を生産。これは商売として最も成功した戦闘機でトマホーク、キティホーク、ウォーホークなどの名前がつけられた。C-46コマンドカーゴはヒマラヤズなどの連合軍航空機よりも多く積載可能だった。会社は戦時中に29,000台以上を生産した。戦争中カーチス＝ライト社は製造業全米第2位の地位にいた。しかし、P-36、P-40ともに特別高性能ではなく当時の性能面での比較では二流の機体との評価もある。 戦後は、レシプロ・エンジン、およびダグラス スーパー・コンステレーションなどに使用された。軍用にはJ-65エンジンが長期に生産された。 しかし、ジェット化の波に乗り遅れ、ようやく開発したジェット夜間戦闘機XF-87ブラックホークは一旦は採用が決定し発注まで行われていたが、生産直前のF-89 スコーピオンが想像以上のできばえだったためにそのまま押し切ることができなかったのである。航空機生産部門をノース・アメリカン・アビエーションに売却し航空機の機体メーカーとしての歴史に幕を引く。以降は現在に至るまで、部品供給や生産工程の援助、メンテナンスサービスなどの分野で航空機にかかわり続けている。ノースアメリカンは1967年にロックウェル・インターナショナルと合併したが、1996年にはロックウェル・インターナショナルの売却によりボーイングに組み入れられている。 スチュードベーカー＝パッカード・コーポレーションがカーチス・ライトとの管理契約に入る。全米第5位の自動車メーカーとしての破産を免れるためだ。一方のカーチス・ライトはこの契約により自社の多角化の一環としてメルセデス・ベンツ全米販売権を手に入れることになった。しかしこの協業も1959年にカーチス・ライト側から破棄している。 超音波計測に参入。 1958年には、軍事用原子炉制御棒機器や原子力研究炉の操業、太陽光研究所の開設、X線によるライン工程品質管理などを開始。コンチネンタル・コパー&スチール・インダストリーの部門を買収し土木機械へも参入。