Nama asal Charlemagne dalam Carloman sehingga kemangkatan adik itu pada tahun 771. Pada tahun Pippin si Tengah, datuk bandar istana Austrasia, menamatkan persengketaan antara raja-raja dengan datuk bandar mereka melalui kemenangannya di Carloman dan Pippin si Katik, bapa Charlemagne. Untuk mengelakkan perpecahan di pinggir kerajaan, kedua-dua adik-beradik memahkotai Childeric III yang merupakan raja Merovingian yang terakhir. Selepas Carloman meletakkan jawatannya, Pippin menggulingkan Childeric III dengan kebenaran Paus  Zachary. Pada tahun 751, Pippin dipilih dan dilumaskan sebagai raja kaum Frank. Kemudian pada tahun 754, Paus Stephen II sekali lagi melumaskan Pippin, bersama-sama anak-anaknya yang muda yang kini merupakan pewaris-pewaris kepada sebuah kerajaan agung yang merangkumi kebanyakan kawasan Eropah tengah dan barat. Dengan itu, dinasti Merovingian digantikan oleh dinasti Carolingian, dinasti yang dinamai sempena nama bapa Pippin, Charles Martel. Pada masa ini, tarikh lahir Charlemagne masih tidak dapat dipastikan. Tekaan-tekaan yang terbaik tentang tarikh dan tempat lahir termasuk Liège di Belgium, kawasan yang kedua-dua keluarga Merovingian dan Carolingian berasal. Charlemagne ke Jupille untuk mendiami di vila bapanya ketika berumur sekitar tujuh tahun dan ini telah menyebabkan Jupille disenaraikan sebagai salah satu tempat lahirnya yang mungkin oleh hampir semua buku teks sejarah. Kota-kota lain yang dicadangkan termasuk Prüm, Düren, dan Aachen. The Roman tradition of realistic personal portraiture was in complete eclipse at this time, where individual traits were submerged in Dürer portrait) is often portrayed with flowing blond hair, due to a misunderstanding of Einhard, who describes Charlemagne as having canitie pulchra, or "beautiful white hair", which has been rendered as blonde or fair in many translations. The Latin word for blond is flavus, and rutilo, meaning auburn, is the word Tacitus uses for the hair of Germanic peoples. He could rise to the occasion when necessary. On great feast days, he wore embroidery and jewels on his clothing and shoes. He had a golden buckle for his cloak on such occasions and would appear with his great diadem, but he despised such apparel, according to Einhard, and usually dressed as the common people. This article follows that general format. The first event of the brothers' reign was the rising of the Aquitainians and Waifer, Hunald led the Aquitainians as far north as Lupus II of Gascony. Lupus, fearing Charlemagne, turned Hunold over in exchange for peace.  He was put in a monastery. Aquitaine was finally fully subdued by the Franks. The brothers maintained lukewarm relations with the assistance of their mother Bertrada, but Charlemagne signed a treaty with Duke Tassilo III of Bavaria and married a daughter of King Desiderius of the Lombards who may have been named Gerperga in order to surround Carloman with his own allies. Though Pope Stephen III first opposed the marriage with the Lombard princess, he would have little to fear of a Frankish-Lombard alliance in a few months. At the succession of Pope Bernard crossed the Pavia, which they then besieged.  Charlemagne temporarily left the siege to deal with Constantine V Copronymus, who was waging war with the Bulgars.هشتمین دوره انتخابات ریاست جمهوری ایران، انتخاباتی بود که پس از یک دوره ریاست جمهوری سید محمد خاتمی برای تعیین رئیس جمهور بعدی در ۱۸ خرداد ۱۳۸۰ با حضور ۱۰ نامزد نهایی برگزار شد. سید محمد خاتمی با کسب ۲۱ میلیون و ۶۵۹ هزار و ۵۳ رای از مجموع ۲۸ میلیون و ۸۱ هزار و ۹۳۰ رای ماخوذه برای دومین بار به ریاست جمهوری انتخاب شد. احمد توکلی با کسب حدود چهار و نیم میلیون رای نفر دوم شد. علی شمخانی با کسب حدود هفتصد هزار رای نفر سوم شد. هفت نفر دیگر آرایی کمتر از تعداد آرای باطله داشتند. در ۱۱ مرداد ۱۳۸۰ مراسم تنفیذ حکم ریاست جمهوری توسط آیت‌الله خامنه ای برگزار شد. طیفی از اصلاح طلبان خواستار عبور از خاتمی به دلیل عقب ماندن از مطالبات تندتر اصللاحات بودند. انتقادات مکرر اصلاح‌طلبان به خاتمی تا آنجا بود که یکی از بحث‌های روز آن مطبوعات بحث بر این سؤال بود که "آیا خاتی خواهد آمد؟". غالی ستادهای انتخاباتی خاتمی به حزب جبهه مشارکت ایران اسلامی که برادرش رضا خاتمی دبیرکلی آن‌را برعهده داشت واگذار شد. شعارهایی از جمله "عدم کفایت اختیارات رییس‌جمهور" و "تبدیل انتخابات به همه‌پرسی" توسط هواداران خاتمی استفاده می شد. برنامه های تبلیغاتی ستاد خاتمی و فعالیت های رسانه ای کمک زیادی به خاتمی کرد.פיטרסון נולד בגרמניה. בגיל צעיר החל להתעניין במוזיקה שחורה ובבלוז. בגיל 11, הוא כבר הופיע כגיטריסט מקצועי. ב-1974, כאשר היה בן 17, ניגן פיטרסון בלהקתו של זמר הבלוז בני לאטימור והשתתף בהקלטות אלבומיו. לאחר מכן, הוא ניגן עם אמני בלוז נוספים. ב-1987, חיפש שלום חנוך נגני חיזוק זרים למופע שלו "רק בן אדם". לבסוף נבחרו פיטרסון כגיטריסט ואחיו ריי כבסיסט. לאחר המופע הם השתתפו בהקלטת האלבום "רק בן אדם". ב-1991 עלה פיטרסון רשמית ארצה והשתתף בהקלטות שונות עם אמנים אחרים כגון רמי קליינשטיין. עוד באותה שנה הוא הופיע לראשונה בארץ בטלוויזיה, כשהתארח בתוכנית "קול הפופ" בערוץ 2 הנסיוני. ב-1992, פרץ פיטרסון לתודעת הקהל הישראלי, כאשר החל לנגן עם אמנים רבים כמו ריטה, יזהר אשדות ודפנה ארמוני.