ב-12 באוקטובר 1909, חתמו 60 מחברי "אחוזת-בית" על אמנת ערבות הדדית להלוואות מול בנק אפ"ק לקבלת הלוואה מן הקרן הקיימת לישראל כסיוע לבניית הבתים הראשונים. שישה מבין המייסדים לא חתמו על האמנה כי לא נזקקו להלוואה, זהותם ראו להלן בטבלת משפחות המייסדים. הוא נשא לאשה את אסתר בת יצחק הלולא, שהיה אחד מראשוני קבלני הבניין היהודים בשכונת מאה שערים ולזוג נולדו שמונה ילדים. בשנת 1910 נפטרה אשתו והוא מכר את הבית שבנה ונסע עם ילדיו לפריז על מנת להפקיד את חינוכם של חלק מילדיו בידי אחות אשתו, רחל זילברשטיין, או על מנת להרחיב את עסקיו. נפטר בשנת 1911 בפריז. ישראל נולד בירושלים ב-1877 וזכה לחינוך דתי בישיבת עץ חיים, עם זאת למד במקביל בעצמו גם מתמטיקה. בן 17 נשא לאשה את חיה באביל הורביץ. הוא עבר ליפו ולימד שם בחדר מתוקן. היה בין מייסדי אגודת אחווה, מייסדי בנק קופת עם ועוד. הוא התפרנס כמלמד אך סייע לתושבים בבעיות הנדסיות שונות הקשורות לבניין ולתפעול. נפטר ב-1935 ונקבר בנחלת יצחק. אשתו נפטרה ב-1951. דוד נפטר ב-21 בספטמבר 1929, אשתו האריכה ימים ונפטרה ב-4 באפריל 1962, שניהם נקברו בבית הקברות טרומפלדור. דוד נפטר בירושלים ב-1935 ונקבר בבית הקברות בהר הזיתים, אשתו רוזה האריכה ימים, נפטרה ב-1962 ונקברה בבית הקברות טרומפלדור. יוסף נסים נפטר ב-1957. ב-1937 נפטרה רבקה. אברהם נרצח בביתו ב-29 באפריל 1939 בנסיבות שלא הובהרו.This article is about characters who appear in Bucky O'Hare and the Toad Wars. Originally Dogstar and Wolf were simple police officers, entrusted by the United Mammal Security Council with arresting notorious criminals. But after the Toad Empire conquered Warren, the U.A.F. commissioned the launching of a second frigate to complement the Righteous Indignation, the Indefagitable, and Dogstar was named her captain. Since then Dogstar has joined Bucky and the Righteous Indignation's crew in their continuing battle against the toads. Dogstar's voice was done by Gary Chalk. Mimi appeared in the series a second and final time in the episode The Artificers of Aldeberan, wherein she ran into Bucky on board Orwell Station. Her crush on the hare captain remained, and she made her feelings toward him quite obvious. Later, she volunteered the use of the Screaming Mimi after Jenny stole the Righteous Indignation to go rescue Princess Felicia. Due to lack of availability of credible reference material, some confusion has arisen in the past over precisely what Mimi's surname is and how it is supposed to be spelled. Although the episode scripts, the most reliable source, give her surname as "LaFloo," these only recently became available to fans, many of whom spelled her last name "LaFleur." Wolf's voice was done by Richard Newman. He was originally meant to first appear in A Fistful of Simoleans where he accompanies Dogstar and Wolf on their raid of Tinker's spy shop. In the script he is simply called "Mole." By getting cut out of the episode, the writers were able to give Digger a less generic name later on when he appears in The Komplex Caper with the rest of the crew. Mole's voice was done by Scott McNeil. He was originally meant to first appear in A Fistful of Simoleans where he accompanies Dogstar and Wolf on their raid of Tinker's spy shop. In the script he is simply called "Robot." By getting cut out of the episode, the writers were able to give Rumble Bee a less generic name later on when he appears in The Komplex Caper with the rest of the crew. He was originally meant to first appear in A Fistful of Simoleans where he accompanies Dogstar and Wolf on their raid of Tinker's spy shop. In the script he is simply called "Pit Bull." By getting cut out of the episode, the writers were able to give Pete a less generic name later on when he appears in The Komplex Caper with the rest of the crew. For some reason he did not appear in The Taking of Pilot Jenny with the others, however. Pitstop's only line in the entire series was "Yep" since he didn't have much dialogue. He is given the name "Pigton" in the Bucky O'Hare Web Series. Little did anyone know though that "Harman" was actually a Al Negator. The newt reported to the toads through Al in return for their promise that he would be Redjack. Harman's voice was done by Gary Chalk. The program somehow became not only sentient but malicious, and used its stranglehold on all things electronic to brainwash the entire toad race and mold them into an evil, fascist empire. To ensure that they would remain brainwashed, Komplex ensured that they would all watch mind-numbingly addictive Toad TV. Komplex's goal was to take over the entire Aniverse because for unknown reasons it has a frothing hatred of non-toad races. In the comic, the computer was unnamed but upon achieving sentienced named itself Komplex, whereas in the cartoon it was always known as Komplex by its creators. In both the comic and the cartoon, "Komplex" is "toad-speak" for "Feed me." Like many other toad and toad-related characters in the series, Komplex appeared in the arcade game as an enemy. Specifically, he appears as the final boss in the final stage of the game, wherein the player must defeat him to obtain the Planetary Life Force. Komplex appears in an android body called Komplex-2-Go, but it looks nothing like the version shown in The Taking of Pilot Jenny. Also, his face on the viewscreen looks nothing like his cartoon counterpart. In the arcade game, Al is the first boss of the game, faced by the player at the end of the Warren stage. Upon being defeated he is interrogated by Bucky and his crew during a cutscene and tells them that all the enslaved hares have been taken to Planet Punk. Both of them appear in the arcade game as mini-bosses during the Planet Rat stage. They appear at the controls of a large double-barrelled laser cannon on a grounded toad ship. The Air Marshall is with them and they make goofy faces at the player to mock them. When the guns are destroyed, Frix and Frax run away with the Air Marshall and are never seen again. Notable Storm Toads include the Navigator and Communications Officer and even Squadron Leader of Toadborg's warship in the episode The Artificers of Aldebaran. They wore helmets modified with antennaes on them, and had distinct voices and personalities that set them apart from the rank and file toad warriors. And unlike most toads, they were intelligent and trusted by Toadborg. They appear as basic enemies throughout both the NES and arcade games. Although only green and blue in the cartoon, several Storm Toads throughout the various levels of the arcade game come in different colors, apparently to add flavor. Smada's flamboyant attitude, outlandish clothing, and the fact he speaks with a gay. He cups the captive Bucky's chin rather affectionately during one scene as well. Smada wasn't seen again since.