Във подводната камера.1. enlace con el OKW y los personales generales de los servicios, 2. coordinación con el Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores alemán en materias militares, y 3. evaluación de documentos capturados y evaluación de las difusiones de la radio. Este enlace con el OKW significó que la rama extranjera era el canal apropiado para solicitar la ayuda de Abwehr para una misión particular. G - documentos falsos, fotos, tintas, pasaportes, productos químicos Ht - inteligencia técnica del ejército i - diseño de las comunicaciones de los sistemas sin hilos, operadores sin hilosPeregrin Took, yang lebih dikenal sebagai Pippin, merupakan seorang karakter hobbit fiksi dalam legendarium J. R. R. Tolkien. Ia merupakan salah seorang karakter utama dalam buku The Lord of the Rings dan merupakan salah satu dari Sembilan Pembawa Cincin. Remaining with the Fellowship until its breaking at Lórien) as a sign for Gimli, who were in pursuit. During a skirmish amongst his captors, Pippin managed to cut his bonds using a sword held fast by a dead Uruk. In the land of Bullroarer Took, who was four feet and five inches tall. It was Pippin who picked up the Steward of Gondor, he volunteered for service to repay him for the death of Denethor's son Boromir, who had died trying to defend Merry and Pippin from the orcs. This amused Denethor, who accepted the Hobbit's offer and made him one of the elite Guards of the Citadel. Later, it was Pippin who rushes to fetch Gandalf when Denethor, driven to despair by seeing in the palantír'' of Minas Anor, the Tower of the Setting Sun, which was then named Minas Tirith, the Tower of the Guards, a great force seemingly bringing the doom of Gondor, set out to burn his son Faramir and himself alive. Pippin was part of the Army of the West led by Aragorn, the decendent of the kings of Gondor that assaulted the Black Gate in a desperate gambit.  During the final parley with the Dwarves, Legolas prince of Mirkwood, Elves, and Pippin for Hobbits. During the last battle before the Morannon, Pippin managed to slay a troll before being knocked unconscious when the dying troll fell on him. Gimli later recognised his Hobbit feet under the troll and dragged him out of the battle, saving his life. After the restoration of the monarchy he was knighted by King Elessar, who then granted him indefinite leave to return home. Later he and Merry were instrumental in overthrowing Saruman's forces during the Scouring of the Shire.Il terzo impiego del video è stato nella ripresa di immagini in movimento per uso privato sia in ambito aziendale che amatoriale. In particolare in ambito amatoriale a partire dal videocamere portatili amatoriali. La videoregistrazione, cioè la registrazione di immagini in movimento in forma elettronica, ha infatti sostituito col passare degli anni ormai completamente, per quanto riguarda la ripresa di immagini in movimento per uso privato, l'unica altra tecnica di registrazione di immagini in movimento esistente ideata nel 1895 dai fratelli Lumière e basata sulla pellicola cinematografica. Il quarto impiego del video è stato l'home video, cioè il settore commerciale della distribuzione in ambito domestico di contenuti audiovisivi in forma elettronica. Prima della nascita dell'home video per la distribuzione di contenuti audiovisivi in ambito domestico veniva utilizzata la pellicola cinematografica. Da pochi anni si è infine iniziato ad impiegare il video anche nel videoproiettori. Spesso sono girati in pellicola e poi trasformati in informazione elettronica solo per la distribuzione nelle sale, ma sono anche girati direttamente in forma elettronica con apposite videocamere. I film d'animazione realizzati con la animazione al computer sono invece già in forma elettronica. In ordine di tempo, l'ultimo campo di applicazione del video si ha con la fotografia digitale.