The car followed on from a previous effort by Tyrrell Racing to introduce a six-wheeled car, named the Tyrrell P34, to Formula One racing. However, the engineering concept behind the 2-4-0 was quite different. The P34 was reasonably successful with the two cars taking a memorable 1-2 in the Swedish Grand Prix in 1976. The Tyrrell team also finished 3rd and 4th overall in the championship. The car was less successful in 1977 however and the idea was dropped. Reasons given were that although Goodyear had manufactured special tyres for the car, the tyre company had failed to match the development work on them compared to the normal sized tyres used by other teams. With all four front wheels steering the car, Tyrrell also found that the P34's complicated four-wheel front suspension assembly added a lot of weight to the car. With this in mind, Herd drew up plans for a six-wheeled car with four driven wheels at the rear and all of the wheels the same 16" diameter. His theory was that with all six tyres the same size as the regular F1 front tyre, the car would not only be slimmer than normal F1 cars but would possess improved aerodynamic performance at the rear with much cleaner air passing over the wing. Four driven wheels would also mean better traction and, unlike the Tyrrell, there would be no problem with tyre development since the car would use exactly the same rubber as a conventional F1 car. Unfortunately, the March team was at something of a low point financially during 1976/77 and the development costs of an all-new six-wheel car would be high. As a compromise measure, a 1976-design Cosworth DFV-powered March 761 was adapted by team engineer Wayne Eckersley in a quiet corner of the Bicester factory. Existing parts from the factory stores were used wherever possible.Dean og Gerda Koontz bor i dag sammen med sin hund Trixie i Newport Beach, California. Flere av bøkene hans har nådd toppen av New York Times bestselgerliste, som er en av de mer anerkjente topplistene i USA. Så langt har 9 inbundne bøker og 13 pocketbøker nådd førsteplassen.ამ ტიპის თეატრი პირველად იტალიაში, 1545 წელს გაჩნდა. მსახიობები ნიღბებს ატარებდნენ და წინასწარ განსაზღვრული სცენარის ჩარჩოში ტექსტების იმპროვიზაციას ახდენდნენ. კომიკურს ეფექტს ძირითადად ჟესტიკულაცია ქმნიდა. ზოგიერთი პერსონაჟის არსებობა აუცილებელი იყო.Bazirano na rezultatima izbora 2005. godine. --> Najviša Fruške gore i polako se spuštaju u Vukovarski ravnjak,a na zapadu se nalazi planina Dilj kod koje započinje vinkovačko-đakovački ravnjak. Dunav  - ulijeva se u Crno more Sava   - ulijeva se u Dunav Vuka   - ulijeva se u Dunav Bosut  - ulijeva se u Savu Berava - ulijeva se u Bosut Biđ    - ulijeva se u Bosut Studva - ulijeva se u Bosut Spačva - ulijeva se u Bosut Klima je umjereno kontinentalna sa srednjom godišnjom temperaturom od 11oC. Najviša godišnja temperatura dostiže do 30oC. Najviše se proizvode pšenica, kukuruz, šećerna repa i duhan, a u području od Vukovara do Iloka poseban je naglasak dan na vinogradarstvo i vinarstvo. hrasta lužnjaka  u spačvanskom šumskom bazenu. Na mjestu današnjih Vinkovaca u srednjovjekovnom razdoblju, na mjestu koje se naziva Meraja, već u 12.st. spominje se naselje Sv. Ilija. Ovo se naselje održalo i pod Turcima. U to vrijeme se počinje upotrebljavati i naziv Vinkovci.