"Je suis né à huit heures et demie du soir le mercredi 18 juillet 1934 Il y avait un orage Une heure avant ma naissance ma mère lavait les escaliers de son immeuble pour qu'ils soient propres quand la sage femme marcherait dessus Dans le quartier où vivait ma mère on considérait les représentants du corps médical comme des agents de l'autoritéGeorgia, Amerika Syarikat. Setelah menerima nama samaran Coke''' yang digunakan secara meluas, Syarikat Coca-Cola kemudian telah mendaftar nama ini sebagai tanda niaganya. Coke merupakan salah satu daripada jenama komersil yang terkenal di dunia dengan jualan yang amat meluas. Dicipta sebagai ubat paten pada hujung abad ke-19, Coca-Cola telah diperoleh oleh usahawan Asa Griggs Candler, dan melalui taktik pemasarannya yang amat bijaksana, Coke sanggup mendominasikan pasaran minuman bergas di seluruh dunia pada abad ke-20. Walaupun sekali sekala dikritik kerana kesannya kepada kesihatan dan dituduh kerana perlakuan kesalahan oleh syarikat itu, Coca-Cola masih merupakan minuman bergas yang amat popular di seluruh dunia. Sewaktu Atlanta, Georgia pada 8 Mei 1886. Untuk lapan bulan pertama, cuma sembilan gelas dijual pada puratanya setiap hari. Pemberton mengiklankan minuman itu buat pertama kali pada 29 Mei dalam tahun tersebut di Jurnal Atlanta.Cílem sociální simulace je překonat mezeru mezi deskriptivním přístupem používaným ve společenských vědách a formálním přístupem používaným v přírodních vědách, přesunem pozornosti na mechanismy/chování, které budují sociální realitu. S dalším vylepšením přišel matematik John Conway. Zkonstruoval dobře známý celulární automat Game of Life. Na rozdíl od von Neumannova stroje se Conwayova Game of Life řídila jednoduchými pravidly ve virtuálním světě ve formě 2-dimenzionální šachovnice. Zrození multiagentního modelování jako modelu pro sociální systémy zapříčinil zejména počítačový vědec biologických agentů, známých jako Christopherem Langtonem.Minister of British-administered Tanganyika in 1960 and continued as Prime Minister when Tanganyika became officially independent in 1961. Soon after independence, Left after the industries. After the revolution) but was accepted by both the Nyerere government and the Revolutionary Government of Zanzibar owing to shared political values and goals. From the late 1970s, Tanzania's economy took a turn for the worse.  Tanzania also aligned with China, seeking Chinese aid.  The Chinese were quick to comply, but with the condition that all projects be completed by imported Chinese labor. Tanzania's president and National Assembly members are elected concurrently by direct popular vote for five-year terms. The president appoints a prime minister who serves as the government's leader in the National Assembly. The president selects his cabinet from among National Assembly members. The Constitution also empowers him to nominate ten non-elected members of Parliament, who also are eligible to become cabinet members. Elections for president and all National Assembly seats were held in December 2005. Tanzania is a one party dominant state with the Chama Cha Mapinduzi in power. Opposition parties are widely considered to have no real chance of gaining power, though the country remains peaceful. The unicameral National Assembly elected in 2000 has 295 members. These 295 members include the Attorney General, five members elected from the Zanzibar House of Representatives to participate in the Parliament, the special women's seats which are made up of 20 percent of the seats that a given party has in the House, 181 constituent seats of members of Parliament from the mainland, and 50 seats from Zanzibar. Also in the list are forty-eight appointed for women and the seats for the 10 nominated members of Parliament. At present, the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi holds about 93 percent of the seats in the Assembly. Laws passed by the National Assembly are valid for Zanzibar only in specifically designated union matters.V Koroškem, takratnem mestu vojvodine Koroške, je bila 3. maja 1162 izdana listina. Z njo je vojvoda Herman Spanheim za 80 mark cerkvi v Krki odstopil grad Hohenwart z vsemi pritiklinami. Pri tem pravnem dejanju je prisostvovalo več uglednih plemičev, ki so s svojo prisotnostjo jamčili za njegovo verodostojnost. Toda za zgodovino slovenskega prostora ima ta listina prav poseben pomen. Med navedenimi plemiškimi pričami prvič zasledimo ime, ki je kasneje postalo eno najznamenitejših na Slovenskem oz. kar v celotni habsburški monarhiji – Auersperg. Engelberus de Ursberch se pojavi v eminentni družbi grofa Ulrika Vovbrškega in Rudolfa Albeškega, vsi pa imajo oznako liberi, torej svobodnjaki oz. svobodni gospodje. Auerspergi so sredi 13. stoletja iz še vedno ne povsem pojasnjenih razlogov izgubili svoj svobodni status. Postali so nesvobodni ministeriali, s tem pa zdrsnili po plemiški hiearhični lestvici. Toda družina je pokazala veliko sposobnost prilagajanja in pragmatizma in si je v sporih za oblast vedno znala izbrati pravo stran. Tako je počasi pridobivala vedno več ozemlja, s tem pa tudi moči in ugleda.