Хотя в легендах утверждается о существовании нескольких жён, первостепенное значение у маори играла именно Папа, мать-земля. Когда Ранги и Папа были разделены, пространство между ними наполнилось светом, а по всему миру были разбросаны разнообразные божества, люди и другие отпрыски, которые до этого долгое время находились в тёмном пространстве между своими родителями.Sushi, tempura, shabu-shabu, dan sukiyaki adalah makanan Jepang yang populer di luar Jepang, termasuk di Indonesia. Dalam arti sempit, masakan Jepang mengacu pada berbagai berbagai jenis makanan yang khas Jepang. Makanan yang sudah sejak lama dan secara turun temurun dimakan orang Jepang, tapi tidak khas Jepang tidak bisa disebut makanan Jepang. Makanan seperti shōyu, dashi dan mirin. Makanan yang dijual rumah makan Jepang seperti penjual soba dan warung makan kappō juga disebut makanan Jepang. Makanan yang mengandung daging sapi sering dianggap bukan masakan Jepang karena kebiasaan makan daging baru dimulai sejak Restorasi Meiji sekitar 130 tahun lalu. Menurut orang di luar Jepang, berbagai masakan dari daging sapi seperti sukiyaki dan gyudon juga termasuk makanan Jepang. Dalam arti luas, bila masakan yang dibuat dari bahan makanan yang baru dikenal orang Jepang ikut digolongkan sebagai makanan Jepang, maka definisi masakan Jepang adalah makanan yang dimasak dengan bumbu khas Jepang. Dalam hal menikmati makanan, masakan Jepang bisa dengan mudah dibedakan dari masakan Eropa atau masakan Cina. Rasa dicampur sewaktu makanan Jepang berada di dalam mulut. Asinan sayur-sayuran mungkin terasa terlalu asin kalau dimakan begitu saja, namun asinan terasa lebih enak ketika dimakan dengan nasi putih. Dalam masakan Jepang, bahan makanan tidak diolah secara berlebihan. Makanan harus mempunyai rasa asli bahan makanan tersebut. Cara memasak atau penyiapan makanan hanya bertujuan menampilkan rasa asli dari bahan makanan. Makanan juga sama sekali tidak dimasak dengan bumbu yang berbau tajam. Masakan Jepang tidak mengenal teknik memasak yang bisa merusak penampilan bahan dan kesegaran bahan makanan.Many Korean refugees also came to the country during the GHQ estimates in 1946 indicated that 650,000 Koreans remained in Japan. Japanese law does not allow dual citizenship, and until the 1980s required adoption of a Japanese name for citizenship.  Partially for this reason, many Zainichi did not obtain Japanese citizenship as they saw the process to be humiliating. Although more Zainichi are becoming Japanese citizens, issues of identity remain complicated. Even those who do not choose to become Japanese citizens often use Japanese names to avoid discrimination and live their lives as if they were Japanese. This is in contrast with the Chinese living in Japan, who generally use their Chinese names and openly form Chinatown communities. When Tokyo Governor Shintaro Ishihara referred to Chinese and Koreans as 三国人 sangokujin in context of foreigners being a potential source of unrest in the aftermath of an earthquake, the foreign community complained. Historically, the word has often been used pejoratively and Ishihara's statement brought images of the massacre of Koreans by civilians and police alike after the 1923 Great Kanto earthquake to mind. Therefore, the use of the term in context of potential rioting by foreigners is considered by many as provocative, if not explicitly racist. The Ainu are an indigenous group mainly living in Hokkaidō. The Tokugawa Shogunate tried to develop Hokkaido to counter Russia's growing influence in the Far East, but mostly left the place for the native Ainu. Then the Meiji government started development programs, increasingly aimed at assimilating the Ainu, outlawing Ainu language and restricting them to farming on government-provided plots. Many of the Ainu were also used in slave-like conditions by the Japanese fishing industry. As the Japanese government encouraged immigration of ethnic Japanese to populate Hokkaido, the Ainu became increasingly marginalised in their own land. At present, fewer than 20,000 Ainu are considered racially distinct. Most, if not all, of the Ainu in Japan are of mixed ancestry. 80-90% of Ainu now either ignore or don't know of their Ainu identity. Many customs and traditions of the Ainu have been lost, abandoned or annihilated by way of assimilation, and the Ainu language is no longer in common use. Only in the decades after World War II have the Ainu started to become aware of international aboriginal rights movements. Thus, as of late, some schools in Hokkaido have been established to preserve and revive the Ainu culture.