Many Goan Gaud Saraswat Brahmins fled from Goa, a section of them went to Bhalavali, Rajapur villages in Ratnagiri district in order to save themselves from forced conversions by Portuguese in Goa and also attacks from Muslim rulers. Later they came to known as Rajapur/Bhalavalikar Gauda Saraswat Brahmins. The members of this community follow the hindu religion and speak Konkani language. The Konkani spoken by them is a mixture of Goan konkani and marathi. They are the disciple of Shri Gaudapadacharya Math, Kavle in Goa state of India. This was perhaps worst and humiliating time for the Saraswat Brahmins. To avoid this humiliation and religious persecution, several Saraswat families fled to different directions such as Mangalore, north Canara in Karnataka, Cochin in Kerala, Ratnagiri District in Maharashtra to name few, some families who could not afford to flee or resist the persecution converted to Christianity, some who could resist but were not willing to abandon their farms and business stayed on and rebuilt their lives. Those who fled and settled in Rajapur/Bhalavali village lived there for about two to three centuries. Rajapur used to be an important centre of maritime trade. The Rajapur town has a creek which was navigable and English and French East India Company had established factories near the creek which were abandoned in the early 1700s. Some families engaged in trade, so it is partially correct that, migrated Rajapur/Bhalavalikar Saraswats were referred as traders in Dakshina Kannada Gazetteer written in 1885. Rajapur/Bhalavalikar Saraswats worked in military posts of King's and got surnames such as Nayak, Prabhu etc.いずれも『古今集』 、『新古今集』などの勅撰和歌集から選ばれている。歌道の入門書として読み継がれた。江戸時代に入り、木版画の技術が普及すると、絵入りの歌がるたの形態で広く庶民に広まった。より人々が楽しめる遊戯として普及した。 関連書に、やはり後鳥羽院・順徳院の歌が無く、代わりに一条院皇后宮・権中納言国信・権中納言長方の3名が入っている」「源俊頼朝臣の歌が『うかりける』でなく別の歌である」2点である。現在、この『百人秀歌』は『百人一首』の原撰本（プロトタイプ）と考えられている。 百人一首かるたは、百枚の読み札と同数の取り札の計二百枚から成る。読み札と取り札はともに仮名書きで下の句だけが書かれている。読み札には彩色があるが、取り札には活字が印されているだけである点が大きく異なる。Hikayat Misa Perbu Jaia  merupakan salah satu daripada kesasteraan bahasa Melayu yang ditulis pada masa dahulu sekitar 1904 dan menunjukkan pengaruh oleh corak kesusasteraan Hindu-Jawa. Pengarangnya tidak diketahui. Ia adalah antara yang masih terselamat sehingga hari ini. Selain itu kerana istana raja ialah menjadi tempat perhimpunan buku-buku, kebanyakannya musnah binasa di makan api seperti dalam peristiwa kebakaran istana Sultan Mansor Shah seperti tersebut kesahnya di dalam buku Sejarah Melayu yang mengatakan bahawa dalam peristiwa itulah kerajaan daripada Sang Nila Utama telah dibakar.Roket air adalah sejenis Roket model yang menggunakan air sebagai reaksi massa. Wahana tekan yang berfungsi sebagai mesin roket biasanya terbuat dari botol plastik bekas Minuman ringan. Air dipaksa keluar oleh udara yang bertekanan, biasanya kompresi udara. Segel pada nosel roket kemudian dilepas dan pengusiran air cepat terjadi pada kecepatan tinggi sampai propelan telah digunakan dan tekanan udara di dalam roket turun menjadi tekanan atmosfer. Ada gaya total pada roket yang dibuat sesuai dengan hukum ketiga Newton. Pengusiran air sehingga dapat menyebabkan roket untuk melompat jarak cukup jauh ke udara. Sering kali tekanan pembuluh dibangun dari satu atau lebih menggunakan botol plastik minuman ringan, tetapi mencakup polikarbonat neon, pipa plastik, dan lainnya ringan tahan tekanan pembuluh silinder juga telah digunakan.