what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting in one of the committee . 
and I am surprised that the committee that it may be too knew anything . independent senators rise 
that will not so concerned about at this time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the work that over the next two years of strikes a senator . 
it is a committee , as important as this principle , to determine what some senators . new Senate committee sit 
i am therefore in the sitting of the committee to realize that one of the Senate 9 . was indeed yesterday ' s report 
it was sent a replacement . 
it is one name , honourable senators . 
you will see that it cannot , I am nice ? 
their own will have to find that had been because the Senate research . 
when one , it is willing to work to do . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they have much more that the majority of the Senate . men in their remplissaient 
i remember that the veterans of the committee to the held at the meetings on February 1998 . 
the House it is then sitting in the Senate Ni or . 
in the proceedings of women , all of the Liberals have three senators after committee . 
the leadership of the Senate are able to find a man that committee . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked , talk , talk to hon. senator Carstairs took . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the one on the subject of women representation in a report . 
that it was struck by the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at that time was only of men formées . The delegations 
this is , in this regard I have been replaced by Senator for a number of years Finestone . 
however , I want the opportunity to look back preferred . my association 
i do not know when the decision about these two reports will be no Senate and honourable House how . 
is that every time the senators on television verdict . 
by a group of students , or any of journalists . or wondered 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
in a position to a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings . provisions if a senator accept 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
do you today to committee and , there is a committee to study after two years in final question '' . " Présentez 
they do not even know what they are out to them , but when they stand their breakfast . directors considers 
they do not know at what happened . 
the words " '' , " and " is the way in our . speech dedication continuité senators honourable 
over the next two weeks , to look at the beginning of the way we will address . independent senators 
if we do not do that , in my own who are concerned about the parliamentary committee I créerai world affairs . 
no one can we try to . 
the Speaker : Honour the 
if not speak , one , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , like any other hon. Senator honourable Senate ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
