what happened , last Tuesday by Senate and honourable ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of the committee . 
i am surprised that the committee that will make it really know what senators . independent rise and 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the next two years in a debate on the Senate that undertaking . 
it is a committee , as important as this principle , to determine what some new Senate committee sit senators . 
i am therefore to note that one of the last sitting of the committee to run for the new was indeed senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
it is one name Senate and honourable . 
i am therefore that you can see , did he not nice ? 
those who will have to find in their own was because research senators . 
when one , it should do the job accepts an . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
the majority of the Senate in that duty they will remplissaient much more men . 
i remember that the veterans of the committee held in 1998 - to hold on February . 
the House of Commons at that stage . here is the or Ni Senate 
for all of the proceedings of the committee , saw Liberals three senators women . 
the leadership of the Senate did to the committee could find a man . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked . , to say a word , hon. senator Carstairs 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
it was on the parliamentary associations that sets in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées . The delegations 
this is in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator for a number of years Finestone . 
however , I look forward to my association the back has preferred . 
i do not know when the decision about these two will be no Senate and House how honourable reports . 
the Senate is that each on television verdict . 
by a group of students , or any of reporters . or wondered 
let us say that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if a in committee , he or she should participate in any meetings . set a position to accept Senate 
we are not the members in the words which the corridors : 
today there is a question , and in committee , " you two years of education and in committee . " final Présentez 
they do not even know what they are , but when it came to power to them . stand their breakfast considers 
they do not know at what happened . 
the words " '' , " and " is the way in our dedication . speech honourable senators continuité 
in the coming weeks and for how we are beginning to address the Senate . independent think two 
if we do not do this , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on my own créerai I world affairs . 
no one can we try to . 
the Speaker Honour the : 
if not speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , senators , you like any other hon. Senator honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
