what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting in one of the committee . 
i am surprised that the committee that he will know what to do with the Senate . independent too rise and 
that will not so concerned about at this time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the work that over the next two years of strikes a senator . 
it is an important , because , in committee , to determine what these new Senate committee some senators . sit principle 
i am therefore in the last sitting of the committee to realize that was one of the Senate report on nine . indeed 
it was sent a replacement . 
it is one name , honourable senators . 
i am so that it cannot , you can see nice ? 
their own will have to find that had been because the Senate research . 
when one , it is willing to work the do . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
the majority of the Senate in that duty they will remplissaient much more men . 
i remember that the veterans of the committee held at the meetings to the February in 1998 . 
the House of Commons or is it then sitting in the Senate Ni . 
in the proceedings of women , all of the Liberals have three senators after committee . 
the leadership of the Senate are able to find a man that committee . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked , talk , talk to hon. senator Carstairs took . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the one on the subject of women representation in a report . 
that it was struck by the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at that time was only of men formées . The delegations 
on this issue , as I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I will look back the opportunity to my association preferred . 
i do not know , when the House about these two reports will be no matter how honourable senators . 
is that every time the senators on television verdict . 
by a group of students , or any of reporters . or wondered 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings . provided a position if a senator accept 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
today and in committee , there is a question , after two years of education in committee . final '' , " you Présentez 
they do not even know what they are the same , but when they stand to them their breakfast . directors considers 
they do not know at what happened . 
the words " '' , " and " is the way in our . speech dedication continuité senators honourable 
over the next two weeks , to look at the beginning of the way we will address senators . independent 
if we do not do that , I would be interested in the parliamentary committee on my own créerai world affairs . 
no one can we try to . 
the Speaker : Honour the 
does the hon. member wishes to you , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion ? and , if any other senator honourable senators 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
