what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee . 
that is what to do with the Senate committee and I am surprised that the knew too independent . rise 
i am not so concerned that for a moment . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the work that over the next two years of strikes a senator . 
it is a committee , as important as this principle , to determine what some senators . new Senate committee sit 
i am therefore in the sitting of the committee to realize that one of the Senate . was introduced last of nine indeed 
it was sent a replacement . 
it is one name , honourable senators . 
you will see that it cannot , I am nice ? 
will have to find that was the fault of their own senators research . 
when one has to do the job , accepts an it . 
the sitting on the women who have proven Senate . 
they have much more that the majority of the Senate men in their remplissaient . 
i remember that the veterans of the committee to the held at the meetings on February 1998 . 
the House it is then sitting in the Senate Ni or . 
in the proceedings of women , all of the Liberals have three senators after committee . 
the leadership of the Senate committee to could not find it a man . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked , talk , talk to senator Carstairs took him . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the one on the subject of women representation in a report . 
it was that of the parliamentary associations drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées . The delegations 
this is in this regard , I have been replaced by the Senate . for a number of years Finestone 
however , I want the opportunity to look back preferred . my association 
i do not know when the decision about these two reports will be no Senate and honourable House how . 
the Senate is that every time on television verdict . 
by a group of students , or any of reporters . or wondered 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
in a position to a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings . provisions if a senator accept 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
in committee and today , we will vote in a committee to study after two years , " Présentez my final '' . 
they do not even know what they are out to them , but when they stand their leaders . stand considers 
they do not know at what happened . 
the words " '' , " and " is the way in our . speech dedication continuité honourable senators 
in the way we are into the next two weeks , to look at the beginning . independent senators 
if we do not do that , in my own parliamentarians who are interested in the world affairs committee I créerai . 
we try to no one can . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
if not speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , , you like any other hon. Senator honourable Senate ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
