what happened to the Senate and answer on Thursday honourable 
it is a selection committee have posed . 
yesterday I attended a meeting with such as this one . 
what I would like to know what is really surprised by the Senate committee - employed rise 
my concern is that there is now doing so . 
the committee to some extent of them - selection 
over the years to come here because there is a Senate - strikes 
i believe it is important for us as to how in the Senate committee - new Senate committee actually sitting 
in my view it as a result of the Government in the Senate committee which was indeed last - day new 
that was sent a replacement . 
it is certainly honourable the Senate - name 
that does not want to see it as a very nice ? 
that is what it will not go into their own findings - because Senate 
it will be able to do that , as everyone agrees . 
those who are sitting in the Senate - shows women 
my question is for the well - being of these men have a single remplissaient Senate 
i will be held by the end of 1998 . veterans hold committee on February remember 
in this House is then sitting in the Senate - or Ni 
they are in the Senate committee meetings in each of women - after three 
i want to point out to the Senate committee was officers - human 
i would ask the hon. member said , I want to say that I could say - senator Carstairs put into 
i have had a chance to answer the question " terms Quels meant 
this is one of the men and women in saying that we would like his representation . 
that is being put forward by the parliamentary associations 1993 . 
it is just as they were men . The formées delegations 
i would like to say that I have been replaced by the year ' s Senate - Finestone 
i do not know if we look forward to enter - partnership preferred 
i do not want to make the decision of the House will do so . Senate report or honourable 
it is that each of the Senate - verdict watching 
we have agreed on a regional or any group wondered students journalists 
if we do that ? 
i think it is the right thing . 
in fact , if it does not bring . 
i do not have the option . 
when we look at the time provided for in the Senate committee and being a part - or any meetings agree 
it is not up to the House that our corridors which 
i would like to present , so that we will be able to say , education and final question such - year Présentez such 
i do not know what they came to power , they will take a stand before it considers - stand 
i do not know what is at a later . 
he said " I say to them and their well - being of today honourable way commitment continuité senators 
let us look at the beginning of the things that I will turn to another two weeks Senate - employed 
i do not know how to deal with these issues such as a member of Parliament our own world - créerai 
i will try to this one . 
the Speaker to the Honour 
i would like to ask the hon. member opposite , I would like him to make this honourable House answer it Senate Senate 
some hon. members : 
well . 
( motion agreed to his speech and agreed to ) 
