what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting in one of the committee . 
i am surprised that the committee that will be and what he knew too senators . independent rise 
that will not so concerned about at this time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the work that over the next two years of strikes a senator . 
it is a committee , as important as this principle , to determine what some senators . new Senate committee sit 
i am therefore in the sitting of the committee to realize that one of the Senate . was introduced last of nine indeed 
it was sent a replacement . 
it is one name , honourable senators . 
you will see that it cannot , I am nice ? 
their own will have to find that had been because the Senate research . 
when one , it is willing to work to do . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they have much more that the majority of the Senate men in their remplissaient . 
i remember that the veterans of the committee to the held at the meetings in February 1998 . 
the House it is then sitting in the Senate Ni or . 
in the proceedings of women , all of the Liberals have three senators after committee . 
the leadership of the Senate committee to could not find it a man . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked , talk , talk to senator Carstairs took him . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the one on the subject of women representation in a report . 
that it was struck by the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at that time was only of men formées . The delegations 
this is in this regard , I have been replaced by the Senate . for a number of years Finestone 
however , I will look back the opportunity to my association preferred . 
i do not know when the decision about these two reports will be no Senate and honourable House how . 
is that every time the senators on television verdict . 
by a group of students , or any of reporters . or wondered 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
in a position to a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings . provisions if a senator accept 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
in committee and today , we will vote in a committee to study after two years , " Présentez my final '' . 
they do not even know what they are out to them , but when they stand their leaders . stand considers 
they do not know at what happened . 
the words " '' , " and " is the way in our . speech dedication continuité honourable senators 
in the way we will address the next two weeks , to look at the beginning . senators independent 
if we do not do that , in my own who are concerned about the parliamentary committee world affairs . I créerai 
no one can we try to . 
the Speaker : Honour the 
if not speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , , you like any other hon. Senator honourable Senate ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
