The original page was Mother Sayamagyi and it contained all the page histories and talk etc. The move to Mya Thwin was made at a later date and is wrong. I tried to fix it, made mistakes and got bot-warned for my efforts.  But Mother Sayamagyi is the most commonly used term.  As far as I can ascertain, Mother Sayamagyi is never referred to as Mya Thwin in any of the sources, but always as Mother Sayamagyi or simply Sayamagyi. There don't seem to be any other editors participating in this article recently, making it hard to find NPOV with only two active editors. Any tips/feedback/help would be much appreciated! Page is now fully protected, without that information. I posted an up date and a further edit said "who wrote this horrid pap?". I had to agree and re wrote the edit to comform with wikipedia rules. I contacted the author of the further edit using talk and accepted their comment and explained why I had deleted their edit ie. becuse they were right! None of these edits appear in the article when I log on although they are on the edit page. Why? I read the article about Puerto Ricans in the various professions including the U.S. military. I would like to add my name to the list of those that served in the military.  Please inform me if I need to provide any documentation and where to send such documentation. Please let me know what I need to do.  I presently reside in San Antonio, Texas. This problems regarding the articles  and Article  mentions that " The wheel has 24 spokes. It symbolizes the teachings of the Buddha. " This statement is wrong, this can also be viewed in 2 ways. The ashok Chakra could have 24 spokes representing the teachings of Buddha, but the Dharma Chakra, the one in the centre of the Indian Flag has 24 spokes and a blue half moon representing 24 hours in a day. Either the mention of Ashok Chakra in Indian Flag is to be corrected or the representation of 24 spokes is to be corrected. Brahmagupta was a 6th/7th century mathematician. As such, his name could be added to those respective categories, so that he can be more easily found by cross reference, when looking for, say, 7th century mathematicians. I would like the contributor who is deleting my entries allow me to finish. Thank you for addressing my concerns. Chloe93 Incident How do I do? Thanks, There are two articles about the documentary film Burma VJ by Anders Østergaard. Could someone with better Wikipedia knowledge than me please move some material from the second article into the first one, and then delete the second one? Hi there. With regard to 5) I seek advice on how to, in the future, deal with other editors that undo my edits without addressing the material issue at hand. I seek advice on how to, in the future, avoid spending so much time addressing a seemingly straightforward issue. I put a link to my site on to the Split Enz page and it has been removed as inapropriate. I dispute this as my brother Nigel Griggs is a member of Split Enz and my own site contains the full story of how we grew up and started our own band together, which would be of interest to fans. There is no financial gain and I feel the link is legitimate. I already have a link on Split Enz personal site. Can you rectify? Thanks The Author  Nic Cooper has been breeding alpacas for 20 years concentrating on achieving a uniform commercial fleece herd. In the past few years the fleece from the Southern Alpacas Stud herd has been processed into some of the finest and sought after alpaca yarns available. An alpaca judge, Nic has been instrumental in changes made to bring fleece judging closer to commercial reality. BLP noticeboard section. The editor Jarhed made a comment that was excessive about another editor, refering to the other editor as a psychopath . When challenged about this and requested to strike the comment, he replied with this conmment....  Thank you for your support.  I don't respond well to threats and I don't give a fig about wikipedia proceedings or formal complaints. Hello When logging into my account, it said "An editor thinks you are a sockpuppet" - after reading about it i am still none the wiser. I think this might be a result of my conversations with the editor of the "Apple Cider Vinegar" page. I made an addition to the page, as the page is full of inacuracies and claims. After he removed my edits I contacted him and asked about it. I then contacted him to point out the problems with the page and the fact that it looked like he was using the page, aswell as the "Vinegar" page to promote a number of other websites containing many unproven claims. I think he was annoyed that I suggested this and he has slapped this 'sock puppet' thing to be difficult. Can anyone help with this? Regards simply generic question - what is the common definition of Literature with a page?  To me it is something that has been published - as a book, in a magazine, but not on the web.  Is there a standard definiton within Wikipedia, and if so what is it? I am an author in the field of online communities and e-learning systems. Naturally, my work which is peer reviewed may be of relevance to users researching the field on Wikipedia. I would be grateful if someone could restore the mention of my peer reviewed article published by the foremost reference publisher in Information Science, IGI Global, as I believe it is of high importance to the article.