Na conclusão da iniciação, o guru dava um endereço solene aos estudantes onde o guru dirigia os estudantes a uma vida de castidade, honestidade, e vegetarianismo. O estudante devia esforçar-se com todo seu ser para curar as doenças. Não devia enganar pacientes para obter vantagens. Devia vestir-se modestamente e evitar a bebidas fortes. Devia ser recatado e possuir auto-controle, medir suas palavras todas as vezes. Devia aperfeiçoar constantemente seus conhecimentos e habilidades técnicas. No repouso do paciente devia ser cortês e modesto, dirigindo toda a atenção ao bem-estar do paciente. Não devia divulgar nenhum conhecimento sobre o paciente e sua família. Se o paciente fosse incurável, devia guardar isto consigo mesmo, caso pudesse prejudicar o paciente ou outros afins. Parágrafo 218 Caso um médico tenha tratado o ferimento grave de um homem livre com instrumento de bronze e este venha a falecer, ou se tiver aberto, a mancha no olho de alguém também com instrumento de bronze, provocando-lhe a inutilização da vista, ser-lhe-ão cortadas ambas as mãos. A medicina dos povos Árabes incorporou e manteve vivo para o ocidente o conhecimento grego – romano, há registros e traduções de Hipocrates, Aristóteles e Galeno. Muçulmanos O mundo Muçulmano ascendeu para primazia da ciência médica com pensadores tais como Avicena, Ibn Nafis, e Rhazes. Ver também Islamismo. A primeira geração de excelência médica do Islamismo foi formada na Academia de Gundishapur, onde, pela primeira vez o ensino em hospital foi realizado. Rhazes, por exemplo, foi o primeiro médico que sistematicamente usou álcool em prática clínica. Assim como as sociedades que se desenvolveram na Europa e em Ásia, os sistemas de crença  foram substituídos por um distinto sistema natural.  A antiga Grécia, de Hipócrates desenvolveu um sistema médico humoral onde o tratamento deveria restaurar o equilíbrio entre os clássicos elementos e humores dentro do corpo. Similar visão foi adotada na China e Índia. Veja também medicina tradicional chinesa. O conhecimento anatômico era limitado e havia poucas curas cirúrgicas ou outras, os doutores apostavam em manter uma boa  relação com pacientes, tratar das doenças menores e amenizar a condição das crônicas,  pouco podendo fazer quanto às doenças epidêmicas, crescentes com a urbanização e domesticação dos animais, se intensificando através do mundo. Medicina medieval era uma evoluída mistura do científico com o espiritual. No início da idade média, após a queda do império romano, o conhecimento médico padrão concentrou-se principalmente em manter os textos gregos e romanos, preservados nos monastérios e em outros locais. As idéias sobre a origem e a cura de espiritual, onde fatores tais como o destino, o pecado, e as influências astrais eram tão considerados quanto as causas físicas. Nesta era, não havia a tradição esclarecedora da medicina científica, e a acurácia das observações era equiparada  a das crenças espirituais bem como à prática médica. A idéia da medicina personalizada foi desafiada na Europa pela ascensão da investigação experimental, principalmente pela dissecação, examinando corpos no estrangeiro da maneira de outras culturas. O trabalho dos indivíduos como Andreas Vesalius e William Harvey desafiaram as tradições aceitas com a evidência científica. Aperfeiçoando a compreensão e diagnóstico mas com pouco benefícios diretos na saúde. Poucas drogas eficazes existiam, além ópio e quinino, curas espirituais ou os quase ou eficientes  venenos, os compostos metal – baseados,   eram populares,e ineficazes tratamentos. Renascença e a Medicina moderna --> Ayurveda, the Vedic system of medicine originating 6000 years ago, views health as harmony between body, mind and spirit. Its two most famous texts belong to the schools of Charaka and Sushruta. According to Charaka, health and disease are not predetermined and life may be prolonged by human effort. Sushruta defines the purpose of medicine to cure the diseases of the sick, protect the healthy, and to prolong life. védico da medicina, originário de 6000 anos atrás, compreende a saúde como a harmonia entre o corpo, mente e o espírito. Seus textos mais famosos são pertencentes da escola de Charaka e Sushruta. Segundo Charaka, saúde e doença não são predeterminados e a vida pode ser prolongada através do esforço humano. Sushruta define a proposta da medicina sendo a de curar os doentes, proteger a saúde e prolongar a vida. At the closing of the initiation, the guru gave a solemn address to the students where the guru directed the students to a life of chastity, honesty, and vegetarianism. The student was to strive with all his being for the health of the sick. He was not to betray patients for his own advantage. He was to dress modestly and avoid strong drink. He was to be collected and self-controlled, measured in speech at all times. He was to constantly improve his knowledge and technical skill. In the home of the patient he was to be courteous and modest, directing all attention to the patient's welfare. He was not to divulge any knowledge about the patient and his family. If the patient was incurable, he was to keep this to himself if it was likely to harm the patient or others. China also developed a large body of traditional medicine. Much of the philosophy of traditional Chinese medicine derived from Taoist philosophy and reflects the classical Chinese belief that individual human experiences express causative principles effective in the environment at all scales. These causative principles, whether material, essential, or spiritual, correlate as the expression of the fates decreed by heaven. As societies developed in Europe and Asia, belief systems were replaced with a different natural system. The Greeks, from humours within the body. Similar views were espoused in China and in India.  See Ancient Greek medicine for more. From the ideas developed in Greece, through diet and Anatomical knowledge was limited and there were few surgical or other cures, doctors relied on a good relation with patients and dealt with minor ailments and soothing chronic conditions and could do little when epidemic diseases, growing out of urbanization and the domestication of animals, then raged across the world. scientific and the spiritual. In the early spiritual world view, in which factors such as destiny, sin, and astral influences played as great a part as any physical cause. In this era, there was no clear tradition of scientific medicine, and accurate observations went hand-in-hand with spiritual beliefs as part of the practice of medicine. The Muslim world rose to primacy in medical science with such thinkers as Avicenna, Ibn Nafis, and Rhazes. See also early Muslim medicine. The first generation of Islam's superb physicians were trained at the Academy of Gundishapur, where the teaching hospital was first invented. Rhazes, for example, became the first physician to systematically use alcohol in his practice as a physician. This idea of personalised medicine was challenged in Europe by the rise of experimental investigation, principally in dissection, examining bodies in a manner alien to other cultures. The work of individuals like Andreas Vesalius and William Harvey challenged accepted folklore with scientific evidence. Understanding and diagnosis improved but with little direct benefit to health. Few effective drugs existed, beyond opium and quinine, folklore cures and almost or actually poisonous metal-based compounds were popular, if useless, treatments. Medicine was revolutionized in the 18th century and beyond by advances in chemistry and laboratory techniques and equipment, old ideas of infectious disease epidemiology were replaced with bacteriology. Hungarian Ignác Fülöp Semmelweis in 1847 dramatically reduced the occurrency of puerperal fever by the simple experiment of requiring physicians to wash their hands before attending to women in childbirth. His discovery predated the germ theory of disease. However, his discoveries were not appreciated by his contemporaries and came into use only with discoveries of British surgeon Joseph Lister, who in 1865 proved the principles of antisepsis. His work is based on the very important discoveries made by French biologist Louis Pasteur. He was able to link some microorganisms with disease. This brought a revolution in medicine. He also devised one of the most important methods in preventive medicine, when in 1880 he produced the vaccine against rabies. Pasteur also invented the process of pasteurization to help prevent the spread of disease through milk and other foods. For the first time actual cures were developed for certain endemic infectious diseases. However the decline in the most lethal diseases was more due to improvements in public health and nutrition than to medicine. It was not until the 20th century that there was a true breakthrough in medicine, with great advances in pharmacology and surgery. From 20th century we have witnessed a shift from a master-apprentice paradigm of teaching of clinical medicine to a more "democratic" system of medical schools. With the advent of the evidence-based medicine and great advances of information technology the process of change is likely to evolve further. The evidence-based medicine has had a great impact on practice of medicine throughout the world of modern medicine. Modern, western medicine has proven uniquely effective and widespread compared with all other medical forms, but has fallen far short of what once seemed a realistic goal of conquering all disease and bringing health to even the poorest of nations. It is notably secular and material, indifferent to ideas of the supernatural or the spirit, and concentrating on the body to determine causes and cures - an emphasis that has provoked something of a backlash in recent years. --> Beau, George. A medicina chinesa. RJ, Interciência, 1982 Chopra, Deepak. O retorno do Rishi. SP, Best Seller, 1989 Foucault, Michael. O Nascimento da clínica. RJ, Forense-Universitária, 1980 Gordon, Richard. A assustadora história da medicina. RJ, Ediouro, 1997 Haywaard, John A. Historia de la medicina, México, Fundo de Cultura Econômica, 1988 ... Nan – Ching, O clássico das dificuldades. Tradução do chinês e notas de Paul U. Unschuld. SP, Roca, 2003 Thorwald, Jürgen. O segredo dos médicos antigos. SP, Melhoramentos, 1990