Like many other "dot-com" companies, divine had many tales of excess.  The board of directors once had over forty members and included luminaries such as NBA star IPO in July, 2001 landed with a resounding thud and never closed more than a few percent above the initial offering price. When the Internet stock bubble burst, divine switched business models.  Its management decided to become an enterprise software company offering an extensive array of products and services.  Now known only as divine, it took the most viable of its incubator businesses and purchased other companies with stock values deflated by the collapse in the stock market.  Many of these businesses were unprofitable, leading to cash-flow problems. The whole premise of the original divine interVentures was a concept known as an "Internet greenfield companies. These companies would then sell their services to the other greenfield companies, as well as to external companies that were funded by divine interVentures, at a discounted rate from what they could receive if they outsourced those functions to external vendors.  The whole premise was based on a Japanese business model called a keiretsu.  divine interVentures, which was the center of the circle, was the parent corporation and was essentially acting as a venture capital company funding both the greenfield companies, as well as the external companies that they invested in. The inside story about the beginning of the end for divine interventures is a sad one. Many people truly felt that Chicago was on the cusp of a momentous success story that mirrored the success of the Silicon Valley. The term "silicon prairie" was invented and being thrown around. At IPO, the company came out at $9/share and never went much higher than that.  Read below for the death knell of divine, but by the time the company went through the RoweCom disaster most of the core people had gone, and the company was a shell of what it formally was. One of the companies that was acquired by divine was RoweCom of Massachusetts, a library periodical subscription business.  In late 2002, RoweCom was having trouble fulfilling its commitments to its paid subscribers.  Divine attempted to sell the RoweCom subsidiary to competitors.  When these deals fell through, RoweCom was forced into Chapter 11 bankruptcy.  RoweCom immediately filed suit against divine, alleging that divine had improperly diverted RoweCom's operating cash to other parts of its struggling business.  Divine subsequently filed for Chapter 11 on February 25, 2003.  In April 2003, divine's assets were sold at auction. Before the IPO and the challenging period that followed, divine was considered by some in the Chicago tech circles to be the most exciting company to work for in Chicago area. The company had a beautiful work environment, free snacks, free fountain drinks, pool tables, and amenities like arcade machines for breaks. They had an excellent benefits package, and people truly enjoyed working there.