In comparing Ido and Novial, we can see why Novial is what it is, and more importantly, we can see what a first-rate linguistic thinker thought had to be changed.  The topic is of interest even though nowadays the notion of an artificial  international auxiliary language seems hopelessly quaint. "Imaje is better than image, and there is some justification for the Ido differentiation of this word and imagina vb imagine." " Ido alleviates these groups and has such forms as cienco, ecepter, ceno scene, etc." ". This means one sound less than Ido has, in the sc-words, and the group [ks] instead of [ts] in xc." "Very often, where Ido has c, it is best to reintroduce the L ti, e.g. tendentie, silentio, natione, sientie, pretie - with the ordinary pronunciation of t, not with [ts] or [S]. in some of these ti is found in derivatives in some languages, e.g. D pretiosen, Dan pretiosa." "It is no exaggeration to say that this excessive use of the letter z is one of the features of Ido which are least liked in many countries, except perhaps by the few professional phoneticians. To the many millions speaking D I S it will always be a stumbling-block." "This is D satz disfigured by writing z for the North-German initial sound and by the Polish-Zamenhofian c before the substantive ending -o, the whole thus a very strong argument for a revision of the entire Esp-Ido system." "The result of this somewhat chaotic distribution of s and z is that in writing Ido one is constantly obliged to look up words in a dictionary, and in speaking it one cannot help hesitating now and then, for no one can remember each word separately." "I suppose no one can doubt that this consistent use of only one letter where Esperanto and Ido have three, c,s, and z, constitutes a very considerable simplification and lessening of the burden on memory." "But there may be many interlinguists who will think that this is only possible at the cost of clearness, because as a matter of fact these sounds are often used in Esp and Ido to distiguish words that would otherwise be identical." "But while the principle is sound, the way in which it is carried out in Ido does not deserve praise in every respect." "These were not imitated by Ido." "In Ido this play of vowels was extended to the infinitive amar to love, amir to have loved, amor to love in future, to be going to love." "These compound forms may be freely used in apposition, but cannot easily be used as adjuncts in the same way as the Esp-Ido forms can, but then they are not often wanted and relative clauses are always handy." "The Ido synthetic forms videsas, videsis, videsos, etc., are not good, because the most important element, that which should show the passive, is eliminated, and only the empty verb `be' is included." "For the first sb Ido-dictionaries have rulilo, rulbloko, rulajo--rather unnatural formations. The word rule should be kept distinct from role, F rôle--etymologically the same word." "It is claimed that this system is both clearer and more natural than those of Esp and Ido. " "Ido has the suffix -uro joined to verbal roots to denote the result or product as distinct from the act itself. " "The latter is the only way in which -izar is used in Ido, but the suffix is really much less widely used in national languages in this than in the first-mentioned meaning, corresponding to Ido -igar, Esp -igi. " "Esp and Ido have -ema, coined with some reminiscence of the F verb aimer. " "The discrimination and correct use of prepositions is a very important thing in an IAL, and as Ido has contributed much to perfection in this point, I have used most of the Ido prepositions." "Ido has de, but it is confusing to have the three prepositions de, di, da - here supplanted by fro, de, da." "which is more internationally known than Ido diafan" " Ido has L dum like Esp--one of those L words which have not survived in any language." " This use of an invariable particle seems preferable to the Ido conception of kloko, plural kloki." " Ido has vice, which is used in no language by itself, but is derived ingeniously from words like vice-president--which, however, means a man standing next below the president rather than one who acts instead of him." "Ido insulo has wrong accent." "the Ido distinction justa and yusta is arbitrary" "Similarly Ido." "Ido creates a totally unnatural word evar `to be so and so old' from L ævum which does not mean that), probably because in F one cannot ask `Combien vieux?' or say `L'enfant n'est vieux que d'une semaine.'" "OSA `dare,' F oser. Conflict with ose `bone,' F os, I osso, S hueso, is not dangerous, and there is no reason to take osto like Esp and Ido from Greek osteon." "Ido has celar hide " "Esp iri, Ido irar takes the L infinitive ending into the root, which should be avoided" Philological Society Kings College, London and Allen & Unwin are obscure?