Discuss this To allow users currently banned from I/P articles to comment on naming guidelines for I/P articles. Conditions are that they may make very short comments in each section once, and may not comment on other users. Motion failed. Discuss this Discuss this Nichalp is instructed to contact the Arbitration Committee as soon as possible in order to resolve the issues related to his special access privileges and the Zithan account. Discuss this This arbitration case has now closed. The final decision may be reviewed on the case page. A synopsis of the final decision is provided below. For the Arbitration Committee, Discuss this If an editor is subject to any sort of Arbitration Committee parole or restriction, and wishes to start a new account or to change their username with a suppressed redirect from the old name, they must notify the Committee of this before they proceed with editing under said new account/name.  Failure to disclose this, if discovered, is grounds for a ban from the project. Discuss this Discuss this Discuss this The Arbitration Committee has determined that a new round of elections for operators of the CheckUser and Oversight tools will be held in the near future. Discuss this Discuss this This arbitration case has been closed and the final decision is available at the link above. Non-compliance to the above are grounds for blocking for the duration specified in the enforcement ruling. The probation on articles relating to Barack Obama will be reviewed by a group of involved and non-involved editors and administrators to see how effective it has been. The process will last two weeks. After the two weeks elapse, the working group will provide their findings to us and the community, and will outline how the article probation will run in the future. Discuss this An analysis of the Oversight-L mailing list for May 2009 has been completed, the results are posted here. Discuss The Arbitration Committee has provisionally suspended the community ban of  and imposed various conditions and restrictions, the terms of which have been posted on the editor's talk page. Discuss this The Committee has prepared a second provisional draft of an updated arbitration policy for community review.  All editors are invited to examine the text and to provide any comments or suggestions they may have via one of the two methods specified on the draft page. Discuss this This arbitration case has been closed and the final decision is available at the link above. is banned from editing Wikipedia for a period of one year. Discuss this Discuss this Discuss this. Discuss this Discuss this Discuss this The initial details of the group's logistics will be announced shortly. Discuss this This arbitration case has been closed and the final decision is available at the link above. and  are placed on 1RR with regard to ADHD articles for a period of six months is placed under mentorship for a period of one year. is advised to refrain from edit warring. All involved editors are reminded to be civil and seek assistance in resolving editoral disagreements.