Ibu bapa beliau adalah penyokong fanatik Manchester United dan Beckham mewarisi minat tersebut serta kegilaan bermain bola. Beliau masuk dalam salah satu sekolah bolasepak Bobby Charlton di Manchester dan berpeluang mengambil bahagian dalam sesi latihan di FC Barcelona sebagai satu daripada pertandingan mencari bakat. Belian bermain dalam pasukan remaja tempatan bernama Ridgeway Rovers yang dilatih oleh bapanya, Stuart Underwood dan Steve Kirby. He went to Preston North End on loan in the 1994–95 season to get some first team experience, then made his first Leeds United. To ensure they would win the league championship, United needed to win their final league match of the season, at home to Tottenham Hotspur, but Tottenham took an early lead in the match. Beckham scored the equaliser and United went on to win the match and the league. Beckham played centre-midfield in United's FA Cup final win over Newcastle United and for the 1999 UEFA Champions League Final against Bayern Munich, since United's first string centre-midfielders were suspended for the match. United were losing the match 1-0 at the end of normal time, but won the trophy by scoring two goals in injury time. Both of the goals came from corners taken by Beckham. Those kicks, coupled with great performances over the rest of the season, led to him finishing runner up to Rivaldo for 1999's European Footballer of the Year and FIFA World Player of the Year awards. During his 11-year stint at United, Beckham made 266 appearances for them and scored 61 goals. He won 6 Premiership titles, 2 FA Cup's, 1 UEFA Champions League, 1 Intercontinental Cup and 1 FA Youth Cup with his time at United. --> Selepas meninggalkan Manchester United, beliau menandatangai kontak empat tahun untuk bermain dengan Real Madrid yang berakhir pada bulan Jun 2007. Real Madrid won their first Spanish La Liga title in 3 years because of their superior head-to-head record against Barcelona, giving Beckham his first title since he joined Real Madrid. Initially out of favour with manager Fabio Capello, Beckham started only a few games at the beginning of the season, as Jose Antonio Reyes was normally preferred on the right wing. In the first nine matches Beckham started, Real lost seven. --> On 17 Jun 2007, the last day of the La Liga season, Beckham started in his final match for the club, a 3-1 win over Mallorca, which saw them clinch the title from Barcelona. Although he limped off the field and was replaced, his sub made two goals and the team won the season's La Liga title, their first since Beckham had signed with them.  Although both finished level on points, Madrid took the title because of their superior head-to-head record, capping a remarkable six-month turnaround for Beckham. Beckham returned to the pitch the following week, again facing D.C. United, in the SuperLiga semi-final match on North American SuperLiga final versus CF Pachuca on 29 August. He was partially fit by the time of the Sweden. Beckham scored the winning goal of the match against Argentina with a penalty, causing Argentina to fail to qualify for the knockout stage. England were knocked out of the tournament in the quarter-finals by eventual winners Brazil.  The following month, at the opening ceremony of the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, Beckham escorted Kirsty Howard as she presented the Jubilee Baton to the Queen. Beckham played in all of England's matches at Euro 2004, but the tournament was a disappointment for him. He had a penalty saved in England's 2-1 defeat to France and missed another in a penalty shootout in the quarter final against Portugal. England lost the shootout and went out of the competition. In England's opening game against Paraguay on Trinidad and Tobago on Budweiser for this game. On Diego equalised in the dying seconds. In England's next match, a Euro 2008 qualifier against Estonia, Beckham sent two trademark assists for Michael Owen and Peter Crouch, helping England to prevail 3-0. In April 2007, the family purchased their new Italian villa in Beverly Hills, California, to coincide with Beckham's transfer to the LA Galaxy in July.  The mansion, priced at $22 million, is near the homes of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes, and talk-show host Jay Leno, in an exclusive gated community in the hills overlooking the city. Bend It Like Beckham The Goal! Trilogy