The film, music, painting, dance and crafts — have achieved international recognition. However, in practice, it has often been difficult for observers to discern anything distinctly Australian by looking at much of its artistic output in music, dance, film or literature. Independent culture thrives in all capital cities and exists in most large regional towns. The independent arts of music, film, art and street art, are the most extensive. Melbourne's independent music scene, is one of the largest in the world, whilst another can be found in the multitude of international street artists visiting Melbourne and, to a lesser extent, other major cities, to work for a period of time. Contemporary Australian architecture includes a number of iconic structures, including the Sydney Opera House, the Royal Exhibition Building in Melbourne and Parliament House, Canberra. Significant architects include Harry Seidler and Francis Greenway. In the period before Ballarat and Bendigo. Other significant architectural movements in Australian architecture include the Federation style of the turn of the 20th century and the modern styles of the late 20th century which also saw many older buildings demolished. Significant concern was raised during the 1960s, with developers threatening the destruction of historical buildings, especially in Sydney. Heritage concerns led to union-initiated Royal Botanic Gardens from being turned into a car park for the Sydney Opera House. Australia has had a significant school of painting since the early days of European settlement, and Australians with international reputations include Sir Sidney Nolan, Sir Russell Drysdale, Arthur Boyd, Brett Whiteley, Ian Burn, Pro Hart, and Emily Kame Kngwarreye. Australia has a long history of film production. The world's first feature-length film was the Australian production Picnic at Hanging Rock and Sunday Too Far Away had an immediate international impact. The 1980s is regarded as perhaps a golden age of Australian cinema, with many very successful films, from the dark science fiction of Mad Max to the comedy of Crocodile Dundee, a film that defined Australia in the eyes of many foreigners despite having remarkably little to do with the lifestyle of most Australians.   A major theme of Australian cinema has been survival in the harsh Australian landscape. A number of thrillers and horror films dubbed 'Outback Gothic' have been created, including Picnic at Hanging Rock in the 70s, Wolf Creek in the 21st century. These films depict the Australian bush and its creatures as deadly, and its people as outcasts and psychopaths. These are combined with futuristic post-apocalyptic themes in the Mad Max series. The 1990s saw a run of successful comedies such as The Castle and Star Wars episodes II and III, and Australia starring Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman. Aboriginal song was an integral part of Aboriginal culture. The most famous feature of their music is the didgeridoo. This wooden instrument, used amongst the Aboriginal tribes of northern Australia, makes a distinctive droning sound and its use has been adopted by a wide variety of non-Aboriginal performers. Aboriginal musicians have turned their hand to Western popular musical forms, often to considerable commercial success. Some notable examples include Archie Roach, the Warumpi Band, NoKTuRNL and Yothu Yindi. By the beginning of the 1960s, Australian classical music erupted with influences, with composers incorporating disparate elements into their work, ranging from Aboriginal and south-east Asian music and instruments, to American Don Kay, Australian composers. Australia has produced a large variety of popular music. Some notable examples include the 1960s successes of Jet, Wolfmother, Eskimo Joe, Grinspoon, The Vines, The Living End, Short Stack, Pendulum and others are currently enjoying success internationally. Solo artist Delta Goodrem from Sydney is currently enjoying success worldwide. The arrival of the 1961 underground movement into the mainstream in the early 1970s changed Australian music permanently. Skyhooks were far from the first people to write songs in Australia by Australians about Australia, but they were the first ones to make good money doing it. The two best-selling Australian albums made up to that time put Australian music on the map. Within a few years, the novelty had worn off and it became commonplace to hear distinctively Australian lyrics and sounds side-by-side with imports. The national expansion of ABC youth radio station Jet. Commercial broadcasters include the Seven Network, the Nine Network and Network Ten on free-to-air, and Foxtel, Australia's largest pay TV provider, owned by News Corporation, Publishing and Broadcasting Limited and Telstra. Australian food traditions have been influenced by those that have settled in Australia. There are a few foods which can be considered uniquely Australian. pavlova and lamingtons. Other iconic Australian clothing and apparel labels include Bonds, Billabong, Mambo and Quiksilver. Cricket is the national sport of Australia and has long been so. Figures from the game's past like Sir Donald Bradman, Richie Benaud and Dennis Lillee are some of the most popular figures in the nation's history. Internationally, Australia has for most of the last century sat at or near the top of the cricketing world. The Ashes competition between Australia and England is the most popular international sporting contest in Australia. England in the final at Telstra Stadium. The Australian national rugby team, the Wallabies, are the most supported national team in the Australian winter sporting calendar.  Having been a professional sport only since 1995, the game's following is slowly growing out of traditional areas. The Australian national football team as of 2009 has competed at two 2018 or 2022. In order to seek a higher level of competition, the Australian national team moved from the Oceania Football Confederation to the Asian Football Confederation in 2006, a much stronger confederation which has guaranteed places in the World Cup, thereby avoiding a history missed opportunities in forced playoffs. Since the 1970s, gambling has become socially acceptable, and consequently many Australians take an interest in sports on which they can gamble, such as horse racing and greyhound racing. Australia also has its own unique motor racing organisation, known as the V8 Supercars Touring Series. It has a considerable following in New Zealand, and is steadily growing in popularity across the world, where television coverage allows. Several non-mainstream sports in Australia still attract a high standard from Australian teams due the sporting culture. For example, it regularly raises world-beating cyclists have recently been quite successful in the following year. From 2008, Australia's only major international cycling race, the Tour Down Under, centred around Adelaide, will become the first UCI ProTour cycling race to be held outside of Europe. Among young people and within schools nationwide, various forms of handball or downball games have been among the most prevalent sports games for quite some decades. As with most nations, women's sport is given less attention than men's, in both media coverage and funding, although the gap is closing slowly, with netball's ANZ Championship being advertised on popular sports channels. Australia's traditional links with Britain has seen its sporting focus primarily trained on British sports, but in recent years there has been a trickle of professionals playing at the top level of American sports such as baseball, basketball and American football. Grant Balfour is a relief pitcher for the Tampa Bay Rays, and played in the 2008 World Series. Australian basketballers have been very successful at the Olympics, and are regular medal winners. Australians such as Luc Longley and Andrew Bogut have had long careers in the NBA. Australian women have made an even bigger impact in the WNBA, with Lauren Jackson captaining the Seattle Storm. The skill set of Australian Rules footballers fits the mould of NFL punters very well, and stand out from their American peers with their ability to tackle returners. Two former AFL footballers competed in the 2009 NFC Championship game as punters, Saverio Rocca for the Philadelphia Eagles and Ben Graham for the Arizona Cardinals. Graham's appearance in Super Bowl XLIII made him the first Australian to play in the NFL's championship game. Even though the popularity of the American sports is still very limited in Australia, Australians are always keen to support their sporting stars. Australians have very strong attitudes and beliefs which are reinforced by the tenets of the country's society. The Australian national character has been forged by the difficulty of subduing the land. Unlike other cultures based on a nurturing landscape that they seek to protect from others, Australian settlers experienced great hardship and had to support each other in order to survive. The battle against the elements led to the nickname of a member of Australia's working class being the 'Aussie battler'. The need to laugh in the face of danger while battling the landscape has provoked a strange view of the world, with a distinctive upside-down sense of humour. Times of hardship or even disaster are ridiculed, and this extends to the Australian delight in dubbing a tall man "Shorty," a quiet one "Rowdy," a bald man "Curly" and a redhead "Bluey". One result of the prevalence of the 'mateship' culture is that Australian society is stringently anti-hierarchical. Australians are expected to behave with humility and not think of themselves as better than their peers. Any disloyalty to their 'mates' is treated harshly, and is known as the tall poppy syndrome, where people who grow greater than their peers are harshly criticised as being 'up themselves'. Even the most successful and beautiful Australians are eager to proclaim how ordinary they are. This egalitarian social system makes Australian society appear 'laid-back', or relaxed to visitors. Most forms of address are by first name or nickname, and only children regularly use titles such as 'Mister' or 'Sir' for authority figures. Australian stories and legends have a cultural significance quite independent of their empirical truth or falsehood. This can be seen in the national obsession with the almost mythological portrayal of bushranger Ned Kelly as a mixture of the underdog and Robin Hood. Australian war culture is somewhat different from most other western cultures. It generally consists of sombre reflection and commemoration of all who have died in wartime and honouring those who lived. It focuses on noble sacrifice rather than glory. An annual national holiday, Anzac Day exists for this purpose. It is generally agreed that the beginning of modern Australian warfare began at Turkish adversaries led by Kemal Atatürk is seen as part of the ANZAC spirit. This experience of war was repeated and entrenched at battles on the Western Front, such as the Battle of Passchendaele. The legend of Australians being great soldiers has its roots in the AIF being used during the latter part of the war as the shock troops of the Battle of Amiens, known as the "Black Day of the German Army" during the First World War, was a campaign in which Australian soldiers played a crucial role. Australians were considered to be remarkably determined, united and hard-working individuals. Many Australians knew how to ride and shoot prior to enlistment, making them talented recruits. However, Australians also had a lax attitude towards formal parade ground discipline, a notoriety which the Australian soldiers revelled in. From this the notion of the larrikin Digger emerged, an important part of contemporary Australian identity. Conversely Australian discipline in the field has been one of the qualities that does make the Australian soldier one of the best in the world. This reflects the Australian culture where in a harsh climate form must follow function. Discipline for the sake of discipline is not respected, but the discipline required to complete a task successfully are self imposed and well adhered to. The biggest sporting rivalry exists between Australia and England. As Australians see New Zealanders as their little brother they see the English as big brother, with more people, history and money. The sporting arena was a place where Australians could shine. The Australian dream of home ownership underpins suburban Australia. However, this has been challenged by the low affordability of housing in Australia. As well as the prevalence of the tall poppy syndrome bringing back to Earth the high fliers, the egalitarian Australian society has a traditional Australian support for the "underdog". Australians will support those who appear to be at a disadvantage unless the underdog is against fellow Australians. The idea of cultural cringe was defined by Australian sociologists Brian Head and James Walter  as the belief that one's own country occupies a "subordinate cultural place on the periphery", and that "intellectual standards are set and innovations occur elsewhere". As a consequence, a person who holds this belief is inclined to devalue their own country's cultural, academic and artistic life, and to venerate the "superior" culture of another country.