In 1990, Telmex was bought by a group of investors formed principally by Southwestern Bell Corporation, whose tender was the largest. However, controversially, the payment itself took place over the course of the next several years, using money earned by the phone service. After privatization, Telmex began investing in new modern infrastructure, creating a nationwide fiber optic network, thus offering service to most of the country. In 1991, the Mexican government sold its remaining stock in Telmex. In 2000, Telmex spun off their mobile unit, creating América Móvil, which controls Radio Móvil Dipsa and would be free to develop as its own business as an independent entity.  It started with 80% of the mobile market. Some people incorrectly continue to believe that América Móvil is part of Telmex. Instead, both are sister companies under parent Carso Global Telecom. Carso Global Telecom is itself a sister conglomerate of Grupo Carso. In 2001, Telmex sold the U.S. branch SBC, which was dubbed SBC Prodigy.  However, Telmex continues to own and operate Prodigy in Mexico. In 2004 Telmex claimed that the number of users of Prodigy Internet grew by 190%. In the mid 1990s, MCI), among others, began operating in Mexico, representing for the first time serious competition to Telmex.  However, due to Telmex's incumbent monopoly position and well-developed infrastructure and coverage, none of them were believed to pose much threat to Telmex. After spinning off América Móvil, Telmex started an expansion plan, which started with the purchase of Guatemala's Telgua. Later, Telmex bought former state owned phone companies in Central America, and began operations in the USA with Telmex USA. At the same time, sister company America Movil pursued a similar strategy by acquiring cellular operators CTI Movil in Argentina and Uruguay, Claro in Brasil and Perú, Porta in Ecuador and Comcel in Colombia. In 2005, Telmex sold its holdings in MCI to Verizon. As of January 2006, Telmex continues buying assets in Latin America and in the USA. In March 2006, there were rumors of Telmex was buying Verizon operations in the Caribbean.  The reports said that the operation can include the wireless operation on each market.  The total amount of this sell is estimated nearly $300 usd millions. In December 2006 Telmex announces agreement to acquire TV CABLE and CABLE PACIFICO in Colombia. TV Cable offers cable TV , Internet and Voice over IP services and has been in operation for 20 years. Currently, the company serves 164,000 homes in Bogotá and Cali. Cable Pacifico serves 9 States and its main operation is in Medellín. To date, Cable Pacifico has approximately 100,000 subscribers. In January 2007, Telmex launched Prodigy Media, the first step to offer triple play services to the Mexican market.  Days later Telmex started the first Wi-Max network in Chile offering local, long distance and internet services to the 98% of the Chilean population. In March 2007, Telmex bought Ecutel in Ecuador a small telecommunications company that offers services to the Corporate market. In April 2007, Telmex announces agreement to acquire CABLECENTRO and SATELCARIBE in Colombia. CABLECENTRO offers cable TV and Internet access services and has been in operation for 7 years. Currently, the company operates in more than 50 cities in Colombia including Bogota, Cucuta, Bucaramanga, Ibague and Neiva, among others. SATELCARIBE offers cable TV and Internet access services and has been in operation for 7 years.  Currently, the company operates in more than 15 cities in Colombia including Cartagena, Santa Marta, Valledupar, Sincelejo and Monteria. In December 2007, Telmex transferred its Latin American and yellow pages directory businesses to a new, separate entity, Telmex Internacional.