Closing the Revolving Door •Prohibits Senators from gaining undue lobbying access by increasing the “cooling off” period for Senators from one to two years before they can lobby Congress.  •Prohibits Cabinet Secretaries and other very senior executive personnel from lobbying the department or agency in which they worked for two years after they leave their position.  •Prohibits senior Senate staff and Senate officers from lobbying contacts with the entire Senate for one year, instead of just their former employing office.  •Prohibits senior House staff from lobbying their former office or Committee for one year after they leave House employment.  •Requires that executive and legislative branch employees who leave government positions and seek to lobby on behalf of Indian tribes face the same revolving door provisions as others.  It exempts those who serve as elected or appointed officials of Indian tribes. Ending the “K Street Project” •Prohibits Members and their staff from influencing hiring decisions of private organizations on the sole basis of partisan political gain.  Subjects those who violate this provision to a fine and imprisonment for up to 15 years. Prohibiting Gifts by Lobbyists •Prohibits lobbyists from providing gifts or travel to Members of Congress with knowledge that the gift or travel is in violation of House or Senate Rules. Full Public Disclosure of Lobbying Activity •Requires lobbyist disclosure filings to be filed twice as often, by decreasing the time between filing from semi-annual to quarterly.  •Requires lobbyist disclosures in both the Senate and House to be filed electronically and requires creation of a public searchable Internet database of such information.  •Increases civil penalty for knowing and willful violations of the Lobby Disclosure Act from $50,000 to $200,000 and imposes a criminal penalty of up to five years for knowing and corrupt failure to comply with the Act.  •Requires the Government Accountability Office to audit annually lobbyist compliance with disclosure rules.  •Requires lobbyists to certify they have not given gifts or travel that would violate Senate or House rules.  •Requires the disclosure of businesses or organizations that contribute more than $5,000 and actively participate in lobbying activities by certain coalitions and associations. New Transparency for Lobbyist Political Donations, Bundling and other Financial Contributions Congressional Pension Accountability •Denies Congressional retirement benefits to Members of Congress who are convicted of bribery, perjury, conspiracy or other related crimes in the course of carrying out their official duties as a Member of Congress. Prohibited Use of Private Aircraft Toughening Penalties for Falsifying Financial Disclosure Forms •Increases the penalty for Members of Congress, Senior Staff and Senior Executive officials for falsifying or failing to report financial disclosure forms from $10,000 to $50,000 and establishes criminal penalties of up to one year of imprisonment. Disclosure by Members and Staff of Employment Negotiations Posting of Travel and Financial Disclosure Reports on the Internet •Requires that travel by members financed by outside groups be posted on a searchable, sortable and downloadable website by August 1, 2008.  •Requires that Members’ financial disclosure forms be posted on a searchable, sortable and downloadable website by August 1, 2008. Participation in Lobbyist-Sponsored Events During Political Conventions •Prohibits Members from attending parties held in their honor at national party conventions if they have been sponsored by lobbyists, unless the Member is the party’s presidential or vice presidential nominee. Procedural Reform Congressionally-Directed Spending Reform Post-Employment Restrictions •Prohibits Senators from lobbying Congress for two years after they leave office.  •Prohibits officers and senior employees from lobbying the Senate for one year after they leave Senate employment. Disclosure by Senators and Staff of Employment Negotiations •Requires Senators to disclose within three business days any negotiations they engage in to secure future employment before their successor is elected and prohibits them from seeking employment as a registered lobbyist before they leave office.  •Requires senior staff to notify the Ethics Committee within three days of beginning negotiations for future employment and to recuse themselves should employment negotiations create a conflict of interest. Elimination of Floor, Parking and Gym Privileges for former Members Who Become Lobbyists •Revokes floor privileges and the use of the Members’ exercise facilities and parking for former Senators, former Secretaries of the Senate, former Sergeants at Arms of the Senate and former Speakers of the House who are registered lobbyists. •Prohibits members from influencing hiring decisions of private organizations on the sole basis of partisan political gain. Ban on Gifts from Lobbyists and Entities that Hire Lobbyists •Prohibits Senators and their staff from accepting gifts from registered lobbyists or entities that hire or employ them.  •Requires entertainment and sports tickets to be valued at market rates. National Party Conventions •Prohibits Senators from attending parties held in their honor at national party conventions if they have been sponsored by lobbyists, unless the Senator is the party’s presidential or vice presidential nominee. Restrictions on Lobbyist Participation in Travel Attendance at Constituent Events •Allows Senators and their staff to accept free attendance at a conference, site visit, dinner or other event in their home state if it is sponsored and attended by a group of constituents, provided that there are no registered lobbyists in attendance, and that the cost of any meal served is less than $50. Senate Privately Paid Travel Public Website •Requires that travel by members financed by outside groups be posted on a searchable website by January 1, 2008. Lobbying Contact with Spouses or Immediate Family Members who are Registered Lobbyists •Prohibits Senate spouses who are registered lobbyists from engaging in lobbying contacts with any Senate office.  It exempts Senate spouses who were serving as registered lobbyists at least one year prior to the most recent election of their spouse to office, or at least one year prior to their marriage to that Member. Prohibits Senators’ immediate family members who are registered lobbyists from engaging in lobbying contacts with their family member’s staff. Mandatory Senate Ethics Training for Members and Staff •Requires the Ethics Committee to conduct ongoing ethics training and awareness programs for Senators and Senate staff. Annual Reports on Ethics Enforcement