The practice of using floppy disks as a storage medium for software remained most popular until American magazines picked up the practice using compact discs. This move allowed to distribute bigger files like video trailers. In other places, such as BBS via modem, and later via the World Wide Web. Adding audiovisual media as a covermount has started with music magazines adding covermounts in the form of sampler for promotional uses, using compact cassettes as a storage medium. The cassette was in the end replaced by the compact disc.    Later, film magazines have started to include film trailers and occasionally complete films to their print media. First VHS cassettes were added, later followed by the DVD. Apart from magazines also newspapers have discovered the covermount and started to add compact discs to their publications. Magazines are also including non-storage media like toys, games, stationery sets, make up, cross stitch kits and whatever the publisher believes will help the sales of their titles. American musician Prince is known for offering studio albums free with various newspaper publications. His 2006 album "Planet Earth" was the first to be given this treatment, in the United Kingdom, in partnership with The Mail on Sunday. His new album "20Ten" is to be released in 2010, in Belgium, under the same circumstances, with possible covermount releases across Europe. More notably, England against the Dutch in the USA'94 qualifiers) or ''hobby), the last game developed by the company for the Commodore Amiga. Games redistributed by covermount occasionally have problems if the originals were fitted with CD, as they are often reprints and lack the copy prevention sectors. Software publishers, both then and now, are often against the overuse of putting software on the covers of magazines as they see it is deflating the value of software. Although tagged as "free", covermount discs sometimes increase the price of a magazine. Magazines that carry discs can cost as much as double the price of other magazines without them, even if these magazines have more pages. The "free" label serves as a dissuading factor in retailers stripping discs and selling them separately.  To prevent theft of the discs from the magazine covers, retailers sometimes remove the discs anyway, keeping them behind the counter to be given to a customer upon purchase of the magazine. Software added as covermount to computer magazines may sometimes not be secure. A fast-spreading medium, computer magazines can output over 10,000 discs in a matter of days. In the days before internet connections were commonplace, one of the fastest methods by which a computer virus could spread was to be included inadvertently on a coverdisc. Although discs are thoroughly scanned and carefully assembled, there have been cases of discs being distributed with viruses, damaging the credibility and reputation of the magazine.