The main Hyde Park, London, England on 2 July 2005, in front of over 200,000 people. The show's logistics were managed by famed promoter Harvey Goldsmith. The event is also referred to as "Live 8 London" or "Live 8 UK". ¹ Also performing at the Paris show on 2 July 2005 ² Also performing at the Edinburgh show on 6 July 2005 Immediately following Travis' performance, Geldof told the audience he "couldn't resist playing on this stage" and played the Boomtown Rats song "I Don't Like Mondays". He had earlier said that he "did not deserve" to play  alongside the scheduled acts. Both The Cure and Muse were originally listed on the Live 8 website as appearing at the Live 8 London concert. During the December 2005 BBC TV documentary "The Live 8 Story" the names of both acts are visible on a provisional running order compiled during a production meeting between Geldof, Richard Curtis, Harvey Goldsmith and various of parties. In the end both acts played the Paris Live 8 concert. All the songs performed by Sting were sung twenty years before at Live Aid. Dido and Youssou N'Dour also managed to appear at the Cornwall and Paris venues during the day. While being interviewed by Jo Whiley during the BBC Live 8 broadcast George Michael stated that he was to have performed a solo voice and piano version of his song "Praying For Time", but come the day of the concert chose not to appear as he was suffering from a very sore throat. Some artists, such as Elton John, Coldplay, REM and U2, already had shows planned for 2 July, which they performed after their performances at Live 8. Accordingly they were not present for the "Hey Jude" grand finale. The event marked the first time in 24 years that Richard Wright and Nick Mason. This was the final occasion that these four performed together as Wright died on 15 September 2008 of cancer at the age of 65. Originally scheduled to close at 9.30pm, the concert over-ran and went on until just after midnight, leaving many in the audience with no means of returning home. As he had done at Live Aid 20 years previous Harvey Goldsmith appeared on stage to thank the audience for their patience with the late-running event, and to make a closing appeal for people to leave slowly, to avoid crushes. The coverage was fronted by talk show host Jonathan Ross, with backstage interviews by Fearne Cotton and Jo Whiley. In the US, MTV and VH1 provided intermittent and incomplete live and taped coverage, frequently breaking away mid-song for commercials or commentary by their veejays. This decision drew criticism from numerous viewers who viewed the commentary as being frivolous or inane and would have preferred to see the music acts themselves. However, AOL provided a full webcast of the entire show. After the criticism of viewers, both VH1 and MTV showed many highlights of the Live 8 concerts on 9 July 2005 for 5 hours each without commercial interruption. In Australia a highlights show of around 3 hours length was broadcast on the night of the concert, AEST, on free to air Nine Network and full live coverage was broadcast on pay TV. The Radio 1  coverage was anchored by Chris Evans. Each station focussed on artists who matched the station's playlisting policy and target audience. Most commercial radio stations in the UK took a programme produced by Capital FM for the day. In the US, XM Satellite Radio broadcast the concert in its entirety.