As a junior, he was a first team All-County honoree and a third team All-State. As a senior, Hodge played linebacker for a 9-3 team that reached the state semi-finals. he was selected as an All-American  by SuperPrep, First-team All-State and All-Conference. He was also named Broward County MVP on defense. Team had a 22-10 record during his last three years In his career, Hodge recorded a total of 308 career tackles, 22 sacks and six interceptions. He also had eight fumble recoveries and fumbles turned for touchdowns. He had over 100 tackles in each of his final three prep seasons. Hodge's best time of 4.5 seconds in the 40-yard dash. As a freshman in 2001, Hodge red-shirted for the season. In 2002, Hodge played in all 13 games. He recorded three solo tackles and three assists in opening week win over Akron. He played on special teams against Iowa State but had no statistics. He had two solo tackles and two assists in win over Utah State. Hodge had one assists in win at Penn State. He had six solo tackles and two assists in win over Purdue. Hodge recorded one solo tackle in win over Michigan State. He recorded two solo tackles in win at Indiana. Hodge recorded five solo tackles in win at Michigan. He saw action in win over Wisconsin, primarily on special teams, but had no statistics. Hodge had five solo tackles in win over Northwestern, including one quarterback sack and a quarterback pressure. He saw action in win at Minnesota, however had no statistics. Hodge recorded four solo tackles and two assists against USC in Orange Bowl. In 2003, Hodge started all 13 games of the season at Miami, OH, including one tackle for loss. He recorded five solo tackles in win over Buffalo, including one Arizona State. He recorded six solo tackles, one assist and one tackle for loss at Michigan State. Hodge then recorded three solo tackles and 10 assists in win over Michigan. He recorded eight solo tackles and eight assists for career high 16 tackles at Ohio State, he also had two tackles for loss and a pass break-up. Hodge recorded five solo tackles in win over Penn State, he also had a 47-yard fumble return and had one pass break-up. He recorded seven solo tackles and two assists in win over Illinois and had a fumble recovery for the second straight game. Hodge recorded seven solo tackles and four assists at Purdue, including one tackle for a loss of four yards. He recorded nine solo tackles, seven assists and one pass break-up in win over Minnesota. Hodge recorded seven solo tackles and seven assists in win at Wisconsin. He recorded four solo tackles and four assists in Outback Bowl win over Florida. In 2004, Hodge started all 12 games at linebacker. His season totals included 116 tackles, including 79 solo  and 37 assists, he also had 4.5 tackles for loss and three QB sacks, four pass break-ups, two fumble recoveries and one forced fumble. In the opening week win over Kent State, Hodge recorded two solo tackles and a forced fumble. In the win over Iowa State, Hodge led team with 12 total tackles, including eight solo. At Arizona State Hodge recorded seven solo tackles to reach 200 for his career. At Michigan he recorded 10 tackles, including seven solo and three assists, along with one recovered fumble. In win over Michigan State, Hodge recorded 12 tackles, including six solo and six assists, along with one pass break-up. In win over Ohio State, he led the team with 12 tackles, including nine solo, and added one tackle for loss and one pass break-up. In win at Purdue, he recorded six solo tackles, one assist and one quarterback pressure. In win at Minnesota, Hodge recorded eight tackles, including seven solo, he also had one tackle for loss and recovered one fumble, his second of the season. In the win over Wisconsin to clinch a share of the Big Ten title, Hodge led the team with 11 tackles, including seven solo. Hodge set a 2005 with 16 tackles against LSU. For 2005, Hodge was listed as first the team linebacker following spring practice. Hodge started at linebacker in opening week win over Ball State. He recorded two tackles while seeing limited action. Hodge, started at linebacker at Iowa State. He tied for team lead at ISU with 13 tackles, including 12 solo and one tackle for loss. Hodge started at linebacker in win over Northwestern Hodge led team with 12 tackles, including six solo, one tackle for loss and one QB pressure. At Wisconsin, Hodge recorded three solo tackles and five assists, including two tackles for loss. Against Minnesota Hodge recorded 13 solo tackles and six assists. Against Florida in the 2006 Outback Bowl, Hodge set an Iowa bowl record and Outback Bowl record with 19 tackles, including 14 solo, he also had one tackle for loss. Hodges 158 total tackles in 2005 ranks second best at Iowa for a single season. While at Iowa, he led the Big Ten and ranked third in the nation in tackles per game, ranked third in the nation in solo tackles per game, tied for fifth in the Big Ten in forced fumbles, and tied for ninth in recovered fumbles. Hodege ranks third in career tackles with 453. In 2007, Hodge was placed on 2008. Hodge was cut by the Packers on August 30, 2008 during final cuts.