In the 19th century the redbrick" universities were founded. The 1944 Education Act established the grammar schools, school leaving age was raised to 16 in 1971. Raikes used the paper to publicize the schools and bore most of the cost in the early years.  The movement began in July 1780 in the home of a Mrs. Meredith. Only boys attended, and she heard the lessons of the older boys who coached the younger. Later, girls also attended. Within two years, several schools opened in and around Gloucester.  He published an account on November 3, 1783 of Sunday School in his paper, and later word of the work spread through the Gentleman's Magazine, and in 1784, a letter to the Arminian Magazine. There were disputes about the movement in the early years.  The schools were derisively called "Raikes' Ragged School".  Criticisms raised included that it would weaken home based religious education, that it might be a desecration of the Sabbath, and that Christians should not be employed on the Sabbath.  "Sabbatarian disputes" in the 1790s led many Sunday schools to cease their teaching of writing. In 1814, compulsory apprenticeship by indenture was abolished. By 1831, Sunday School in Great Britain was ministering weekly to 1,250,000 children, approximately 25% of the population.  As these schools preceded the first state funding of schools for the common public, they are sometimes seen as a forerunner to the current English school system. In 1820, Samuel Wilderspin opened the first infant school in Spitalfields. In August 1833, Parliament voted sums of money each year for the construction of schools for poor children, the first time the state had become involved with education in England and Wales, whereas the programme of universal education in Scotland began in 1561. A meeting in Mark Philips, led to the creation of the Lancashire Public Schools' Association. The association proposed that non-denominational schools should be funded from local taxes. In 1839 government grants for the construction and maintenance of schools were switched to voluntary bodies, and became conditional on a satisfactory inspection. In 1840 the Grammar Schools Act expanded the Grammar School curriculum from classical studies to include science and literature. Before 1870, education was largely a private affair, with wealthy parents sending their children to fee-paying schools, and others using whatever local teaching was made available. The  Free Education Act 1891 provided for the state payment of school fees up to ten shillings per week. The  ''blind and deaf children, and made provision for the creation of special schools. In the late Victorian period grammar schools were reorganised and their curriculum was modernised, although Latin was still taught. After the passing of the 1929 Local Government Act, Poor Law schools became state funded elementary schools. The Labour government in 1965 requested proposals from all the counties of England and Wales for them to move away from the Tripartite system and introduce comprehensive schools. Following this, some grammar schools became fully independent and charged fees, while still usually retaining "grammar school" in their title. During the 1997 General Election, the Labour party mantra was "Education, Education, Education", a reference to their conference slogan. Winning the election returned them to power, but New Labour's political ideology meant that many of the changes introduced by the Conservatives during their time in power remained intact. Such proposals are expected to become effective from 2013 onwards.