Location of the shed is important as the site needs to be well drained and in an area reasonably close to most of the flock. It is helpful and will save a lot of money if the shed is located near to the electricity supply. At least some yards will be needed to facilitate shedding and count-outs. Regional variants of shearing shed architecture throughout Australia and New Zealand have been identified through different uses of building materials and local styles of design. During recent years Occupational safety and health and animal welfare issues in Australia also have to be considered during shed building or renovating. There should be guard rails around raised shearing boards and loading landings should be fenced to prevent falls. Separate facilities are to be provided for workers' meals. In recent years shearing sheds have usually included improved penning systems to assist with the movement of sheep and ideally will include swing/slide gates to facilitate their closure. A single sheep is sometimes penned in a small pen at the front of the forcing lane to coax the other sheep forward. The slats in a catching pen run in the direction that the sheep are to be dragged. Modern sheds often include a catching pen floor that slopes towards the board to help shearers move their sheep towards their “stand”. Adequate lighting and ventilation is provided for all shearers and shedhands who work in the shed. Good light is essential for quality shearing, wool classing and grinding etc., and is a very significant factor affecting sheep flow in the penning area. In the southern hemisphere southern walls can have translucent sheeting installed there as a source of natural lighting because direct sunlight is never a problem. Good ventilation is essential to provide fresh air and improve working conditions during hot weather. Shearing sheds can become extremely hot, even in cooler climates, during the summer. The body heat of the sheep and the insulating qualities of wool contribute to the problem. Ceiling fans are reasonably priced and helpful in this regard. Power operated, self pinning wool presses with inbuilt scales, which produce standard wool bales, have made a major contribution to shearing shed productivity. The wool producer is responsible for ensuring that the shearing shed is ready for shearing by testing the equipment, cleaning, disinfecting the shed and supplying emery papers, wool packs etc. Shearing sheds are often inspected during shearing for compliance to various shed standards for the production of quality wool. Basically this means that the shed is clean, free of rubbish, dogs and twine.