লিপিবিশারদেরা মনে করেন প্রথমে ছবি থেকে চিত্রভিত্তিক লিপি তথা চিত্রলিপির আবির্ভাব ঘটে এবং সেখান থেকে কালের বিবর্তনে সৃষ্টি হয় বর্ণ বা সিলেবলভিত্তিক লিপির। এ পর্যন্ত খোঁজ পাওয়া সবচেয়ে প্রাচীন বর্ণমালাভিত্তিক লিপিটি হল ফিনিশীয় লিপি, যা ভূমধ্যসাগরের তীরে অবস্থিত ফিনিশীয় জাতির লিপি ছিল। তাদের লিপিতে বাইশটি ব্যঞ্জনবর্ণ ছিল।  গ্রিক ও ইহুদীরা ফিনিশীয়দের কাছ থেকে বর্ণমালার ধারণা ধার করে। গ্রিক বর্ণমালায় বর্ণের সংখ্যা ২৪। তারা ব্যঞ্জনবর্ণের পাশাপাশি স্বরবর্ণেরও প্রচলন করেছিল। পরে গ্রিকদের কাছ থেকে রোমানরা লিপির ধারণা নেয়। রোমান বর্ণমালা থেকেই পরে প্রায় সমস্ত ইউরোপের বিভিন্ন ভাষার বর্ণমালা তৈরি হয়। Writing systems are distinguished from other possible symbolic communication systems in that one must usually understand something of the associated language in order to successfully read and comprehend the text. Contrast this with other possible symbolic systems such as information signs, painting, maps, and mathematics, which do not necessarily depend upon prior knowledge of a given language in order to extract their meaning. Every human community possesses language, a feature regarded by many as an innate and defining condition of humankind. However, the development and adoption of writing systems has occurred only sporadically. Once established, writing systems are on the whole modified more slowly than their spoken counterparts, and often preserve features and expressions which are no longer current in the discourse of the speech community. The great benefit conferred by writing systems is their ability to maintain a persistent record of information expressed in a language, which can be retrieved independently of the initial act of formulation. The study of writing systems has developed along partially independent lines in the examination of individual scripts, and as such the terminology employed differs somewhat from field to field. Note that an individual grapheme may be represented in a wide variety of ways, where each variation is visually distinct in some regard, but all are interpreted as representing the "same" grapheme. These individual variations are known as '''block, or typed letter. The selection between different allographs may be influenced by the medium used, the writing instrument, the stylistic choice of the writer, and the largely unconscious features of an individual's handwriting. Writing systems are conceptual systems, as are the languages to which they refer. Writing systems may be regarded as complete according to the extent to which they are able to represent all that may be expressed in the spoken language. The invention of the first writing systems is roughly contemporary with the beginning of the Sumerian archaic cuneiform script and the 2600 BC. The Chinese script may have developed independently of the Middle Eastern scripts, around 1600 BC. While most languages do not use wholly logographic writing systems many languages use some logograms. A good example of modern western logograms are the $, ¢, €, £, ¥ and so on.) See List of writing systems for a list of predominantly-logographic writing systems. Syllabaries are best suited to languages with relatively simple syllable structure, such as Japanese. The English language, on the other hand, allows complex syllable structures, with a relatively large inventory of vowels and complex consonant clusters, making it cumbersome to write English words with a syllabary. To write English using a syllabary, every possible syllable in English would have to have a separate symbol, and whereas the number of possible syllables in Japanese is no more than about fifty to sixty, in English there are many thousands. See List of writing systems for a list of syllabaries. See alphabet for more information about alphabets. See List of writing systems for a list of alphabetic writing systems. The first type of alphabet that was developed was the abjad. An abjad is an alphabetic writing system where there is one symbol per consonant. Abjads differ from regular alphabets in that they only have characters for consonantal sounds. Vowels are not usually marked in abjad. The term abjad takes its name from the old order of the Phoenician or Ugaritic. Abjad is still the word for alphabet in Arabic, Malay, and Indonesian. See List of writing systems for a list of abjad-based writing systems. An abugida is an alphabetic writing system whose basic signs denote consonants with an inherent vowel and where consistent modifications of the basic sign indicate other following vowels than the inherent one. The obvious contrast is with syllabaries, which have one distinct symbol per possible syllable, and the signs for each syllable have no systematic graphic similarity. The graphic similarity comes from the fact that most abugidas are derived from abjads, and the consonants make up the symbols with the inherent vowel, and the new vowel symbols are markings added on to the base symbol. The Ethiopic script is an abugida, although the vowel modifications in Ethiopic are not entirely systematic. Canadian Aboriginal Syllabics can be considered abugidas, although they are rarely thought of in those terms. The largest single group of abugidas is the Brahmic family of scripts, however, which includes nearly all the scripts used in India and Southeast Asia. The name abugida is derived from the first four characters of an order of the Ge'ez script used in some religious contexts. The term was coined by Peter T. Daniels. See List of writing systems for a list of abugida-based writing systems. A keyboard is the device most commonly used for writing via computer. The keyboard generates specific standardized codes when keys are pressed. By using a combination of keys with Ctrl, Alt, Shift, Function, Option, Command, etc input method environment, processes video adapter, etc, which displays the characters on the screen.