This article is a battleground between three editors - Biscuittin, MickMacNee and Tony May. The case is at informal mediation, and a request for formal mediation was rejected because MickMacNee refused to accept the request. As a result of a discussion on assessment of where the article needed working on. I pointed out to all three editors the Admin to intervene, but that admin has declined as he feels he is not able to address the issues for personal reasons. Well..  To start off, this user has basically, almost only contributed to the article Troy Davis case, in which he or she has removed large amounts of information, changed things to slant in regards to their POV, and added content in regards to their POV.  Did I mention the removed content was sourced? The other user involved is Jatkins.  And for ease of evidence gathering, and ability to contact, SelfEvidentTruths's user link. Hi This user seems to continue vandalizing wiki pages.  His/Her most recent vandalism was of the Blizzard Entertainment wiki. I was blocked without warning by an administrator who stated mistruths as his reason for my blocking. IP addresses involved include 24.27.72.98, 24.175.68.222. I'm being forced to file this report again as a similar but shorter report was filed at ANI earlier but no action was taken. Thereafter, this editor has been informed repetitively of the uncivil personal attacks and wikitag vandalism but only to fail in stopping the editor from personal attacks and vandalism. Would labeling an article "Caylee Anthony Murder" be inappropriate? My understanding is that GdB stated that his participation here was to conduct an experiment. GdB may have also been trying to enhance coverage of his own chosen subject at the same time, regardless, his own statements carry a strong connotation that he regards us as a bunch of fools, to be experimented on at will. When I first read his comments on his participation in a "social experiment" I was, umm, repelled. The posts go on to violate each of the other injunctions too - if only in differing degrees and ways.  And of course, each of the posts also betray the fact that the author's never heard of "Be concise or risk being ignored". Now, after more than a month with minimal activity on the talk page, an uninvolved admin has restored the old parameters, without either consultation to the full record on the talk page and its archives, nor was any discussion initiated prior to this action. The editors who wanted the links to stay are claiming that this is a vindication of their position, while the editors who wanted the links removed are concerned why this was done unilaterally without any discussion after a considerable period of inactivity on the talk page.