In the early 1920s, the team was a semi-pro group sponsored by a local Seagram's distillery. The team was known as the Rochester Seagrams for over two decades. Pro basketball 1920-1940 folded many a strictly pro operation, but the sponsored Seagrams stayed afloat as others fell by the wayside during the Great Depression. Under the watch of Hall Of Famer Les Harrison, the team grew in talent, hosted increasingly better competition, and became a greater local treasure as years went by. The countless exhibitions, plus the season schedules, had worn the team down by 1948, with injuries figuring in the 1947 and 1948 NBL Finals. The team added Bobby Wanzer, a Seton Hall recruit made by Davies, to replace Cervi, among other roster moves. The team's strong reputation also soon made it part of the NBL - BAA merger. The move to the BAA took away Rochester's profitable exhibition schedule, and placed it in the same Western Division that Minneapolis was in. Of the two best teams in pro basketball, only one of them could play in the league finals, 1949-1954. Minneapolis, with Mikan, was almost always a little better at playoff time than the Royals. With their smallish arena and now-limited schedule, the Royals became less profitable even as Harrison maintained a remarkably high standard for the team, which finished no lower than second in its division, 1945-1954. He would spend much of the 1950s looking for a buyer for his team as debts mounted. The Royals won the NBA title in 1951 by defeating the New York Knickerbockers 4 games to 3. It is the only NBA championship in the franchise's history to date. But the victory did not translate into profit for the franchise. The roster completely turned over in 1955, with only Wanzer remaining, and the team moved to the larger Rochester Memorial. Now a losing team filled with rookies, the Royals still did not turn a profit. Meanwhile the NBA was putting pressure on Harrison to sell or relocate his team to a larger city. With this in mind, the 1956-57 season was the Royals' last in Rochester. During the team's first NBA draft in Cincinnati, the team acquired Clyde Lovellette and guard George King. They teamed with the 1-2 punch of Maurice Stokes and Twyman to produce a budding contender in the team's very first season in the Queen City. Injury to Marshall and the loss of star guard Si Green to military service dropped the team into a tie for second place in the NBA Western Division during the 1957–58 season's second half. In the season's finale, All-Pro star Maurice Stokes struck his head when he fell after pursuing a rebound. He shook off the effects of the fall, even as he had briefly been unconscious. After Game One in the playoffs three days later, Stokes' head injury was greatly aggravated by airplane cabin pressure during the flight back to Cincinnati for Game Two. He suffered a seizure and was permanently hospitalized, a tragedy that greatly shook the team. Stokes, a tremendous talent who could play center, forward and guard, was 2nd in the NBA in rebounds and 3rd in assists, a double-feat only Wilt Chamberlain has matched for a full season. Without Stokes, the team nearly folded. Fellow All-Star Twyman rose to All-Pro level the next two seasons for Cincinnati, even as the team posted two 19-win seasons. The 1958–59 Cincinnati team featured five rookies, with Lovellette, King and other key players having left the team in the wake of Stokes' tragic injury. The Harrisons, under pressure to sell to a local group, sold to a local ownership headed by Thomas Woods. The fact that Stokes was simply dumped by the team and the new ownership infuriated many. Jack Twyman came to aid of his teammate and even legally adopted Stokes. Raising funds for Stokes' medical treatment, Twyman helped his fallen teammate until his death in April, 1970. The 1973 feature film Maurie, which co-starred actors Bernie Casey and Bo Svenson, later dramatized their story. Shooting often for the beleaguered team, Twyman was the second NBA player ever to average 30 points per game for a full NBA season. Both Twyman and Stokes were later named Hall of Famers. In 1960, the team was able to land local superstar Tom Hawkins and Adrian Smith over the next three seasons. The Royals reversed their fortunes with Robertson and rose to title contender. An ownership dispute in early 1963 scuttled the team's playoff chances when new owner Louis Jacobs booked a circus for Cincinnati Gardens for the week of the playoff series versus the champion Boston Celtics. Jacobs, an aloof owner, would prove no ally to the team's title hopes. In late 1963, another local superstar, Jerry Lucas, joined the team. The Royals rose to second-best record in the NBA. From 1963–66, the Royals contended strongly against Boston and the Philadelphia 76ers, but fell short of their title hopes. The team's star players throughout the 1960s were 1961–62 and winning the Most Valuable Player award in 1964. Robertson was a league-leading scorer and passer each season. Lucas was Rookie Of the Year in 1964, led the league in shooting, and later averaged 20 rebounds per game over three seasons. Both were All-NBA First Team selections multiple times. The Royals were an also-ran throughout the era anyway. The team failed to keep promising players and played in the tough NBA East division, dominated by the Boston Celtics, even as a Baltimore team played in the West Division for three years, denying the team likely visits to the NBA Finals. New coach Milwaukee in 1970, where he would immediately win an NBA title.  The declining franchise left Cincinnati shortly thereafter, moving to Kansas City in 1972. While still in Cincinnati, the Kings introduced a most unusual uniform design, which placed the player's surname below his number. The design remained intact through the first several seasons of the team's run in Sacramento, even when the shade of blue on the road uniforms was changed from royal blue to powder blue, and the script "Kansas City" which adorned the road jerseys was scrubbed after the move in favor of a repeat of the "Kings" script on the home shirts. The Kings had some decent players throughout. Phil Johnson, who was fired midyear in 1977 and replaced by Larry Staverman, a player on the team on two separate occasions when it was in Cincinnati and who later became the Cleveland Indians groundskeeper. However, a series of bad luck incidents prevented the team from building on its success. Ted Stepien, owner of the Sacramento interests for just eleven million dollars.  The general manager was fired in a bizarre scandal in which he was found to be reusing marked postage stamps.  When the Kings rehired ABA dispersal draft on Ron Boone. Axelson would stay on after the Kings left Kansas City where, in their last game ever, fans wore Joe Axelson masks. Axelson later would say he hoped his plane would never touch down in Kansas City. In July 2001, starting point guard Jason Williams was traded to the Vancouver/Memphis Grizzlies for point guard Mike Bibby. The trade solved the Grizzlies' need for an exciting, popular player to sell tickets after transplanting to a new city, while the Kings sought more stability and control at the point guard position. This move was complemented by the re-signing of Webber to a maximum-salary contract, securing the star power forward over the long term. The 2004–05 season marked more change for the Kings, who lost three of their starting players from the 2002 team. In the offseason of 2004, Divac signed with the rival Lakers, giving Brad Miller the starting spot at the center position. Early in the season, Christie was traded to the Kenny Thomas, and Bobby Jackson for Bonzi Wells and acquiring free agent forward Shareef Abdur-Rahim. Popular sharpshooting small forward Peja Stojakovic was traded for Pacific Division. The Kings were seeded 8th in the Western Conference playoffs, and were matched up in the first round against the San Antonio Spurs. The Spurs eliminated the Kings 4 games to 2. The 2006 offseason began with the announcement that head coach Rick Adelman's contract would not be renewed.  The Kings named Eric Musselman as Adelman's replacement. In 2006–2007, the disappointing play of the Kings was coupled with the distraction of legal troubles. Coach Kevin Martin, who was a leading candidate for 2007 NBA Most-Improved Player of the Year. The 2007 off season was a time of change for the Kings. Head coach Eric Musselman was replaced by former Kings player, Reggie Theus. On June 28, 2007, the Kings selected center Spencer Hawes as the 10th overall pick in the 2007 NBA Draft. In addition to these changes, the Sacramento Kings acquired center-forward Kevin Martin signed a contract worth $55 million, extending his period with the team for five more years. However, the Kings also lost some key players over the offseason, with backup point guard Ronnie Price leaving for the Utah Jazz, and Corliss Williamson retiring. The team claimed fourth-year point guard Beno Udrih off waivers from Minnesota. Udrih quickly assumed the starting point guard job, as Bibby was injured. It was announced on February 16, 2008 that the Kings had traded longtime point guard Bibby to the Anthony Johnson, Shelden Williams, Lorenzen Wright and a 2nd round draft pick. The move was presumably made mostly to clear space under the salary cap. Bibby was the last remaining player from the Kings team that had reached the Western Conference Finals back in 2002. On June 9, 2009, former Phoenix Suns coach and player Paul Westphal was named the new head coach for the Kings. On June 25, 2009 in the NBA draft, the Sacramento Kings selected Memphis point guard Tyreke Evans with the 4th overall pick. With the 23rd pick, the Kings selected Omri Casspi from Israel. On December 21, the Kings overcame a 35-point deficit to defeat the Chicago Bulls, marking the largest comeback in franchise history. The Kings finished the 2009-2010 season with a 25-57 Win-Loss record, making them the 3rd lowest performing team in the NBA for the season. On April 27, 2010 Tyreke Evans was the first Sacramento era player to receive the NBA Rookie of The Year Award. Tyreke Evans also became the 4th player in NBA history, joining Oscar Robertson, Michael Jordan, and Lebron James, to average 20 points, 5 rebounds, and 5 assists per game for the whole season as a rookie. On June 24, 2010, the Kings selected DeMarcus Cousins, a power forward and center from University of Kentucky, as the 5th pick of the 2010 NBA Draft. Alongside with him, the Kings selected Hassan Whiteside, a center from Marshall, as the 33rd pick of the 2010 NBA Draft. On July 23, 2010, the Kings signed shooting guard free agent Antoine Wright, a former player from the Toronto Raptors during the 2009-2010 season. In addition they signed Pooh Jeters, a point guard who came out of University of Portland and spent the last four seasons playing overseas. Archibald and Robertson were named two of the NBA's 50 Greatest Players in 1996. The Rochester Sports Project, by Douglas Brei