একজন ভাল মিডফিল্ডারের লড়াই করার ক্ষমতা থাকতে হবে ও তাকে সৃষ্টিশীলও হতে হবে। মিডফিল্ডের সাহায্য ছাড়া একজন ভাল স্ট্রাইকার যেমন আক্রমন শানাতে পারেনা, তেমনি রক্ষনভাগকেও প্রতি আক্রমনের জবাব দিতে ব্যস্ত থাকতে হয়। যেহেতু মিডফিল্ডারেরা মাঠের সবচেয়ে গুরুত্বপূর্ণ অংশের দায়িত্বে থাকেন, সেহেতু খেলার জয়-পরাজয়ের নিয়ামক হচ্ছেন তারাই। মিডফিল্ডারদের মাঠে সবচেয়ে বেশি শক্তি খরচ করতে হয় কেননা তাদেরকে রক্ষন ভাগের ডাকেও সাড়া দিতে হয় আবার আক্রমনভাগকে সহায়তা করতেও সচেষ্ট থাকতে হয়। ডিফেন্সিভ মিডফিল্ডারের আরেকটি দায়িত্ব হচ্ছে বলের নিয়ন্ত্রণ আদায় করার পর আক্রমনের সূচনা করা। প্রায়শই এই অবস্থানকে অবহেলা করা হলেও আধুনিক খেলাতে এই অবস্থান খুবই গুরুত্বপূর্ণ। এই অবস্থানে খেলতে ওস্তাদ একন খেলোয়াড় কমই আছেন। অন্যান্য সফল ডিফেন্সিভ মিডফিল্ডারদের মধ্যে রয়েছেন Edmilson, ও মোহামেদ সিসোকো। এদের মধ্যে কয়েকজন কেবল ম্যাকেলেলের মত ডিফেন্সিভ মিডফিল্ডার। আরো আক্রমনাত্নক ডিফেন্সিভ মিডফিল্ডারদের বলে "বক্স টু বক্স" খেলোয়াড়। ২০০৪ সালে ইউরো নিজয়ের সময় গ্রীস একসাথে তিনজন ডিফেন্সিভ মিডফিল্ডারকে খেলিয়েছে। The attacking midfielder is an influential position and requires the player to possess good technical abilities, an eye for a pass and sometimes dribbling skills. The attacking midfielder is similar to the playmaker role. It is a winger's duty to beat opposing fullbacks and to deliver cut-backs or crosses from wide positions. They are usually some of the quickest players in the team and usually have very good Mancini, Vicente, Nani, Joaquin, Mikel Arteta, Arjen Robben, Sidney Govou, Ryan Giggs, and Andres Guardado Traditionally wingers were purely attacking players who hugged the touch line and were not expected to track back and defend. This began to change around the time of the 1966 World Cup, when England manager Alf Ramsey led a team without natural wingers to the championship. This team was known as the "Wingless Wonders". This has led to most modern wingers having a more demanding role in the sense that, they are expected to defend and track back to repossess the ball as well as provide skillful crosses for centre forwards and strikers. Sometimes, they are also expected to cover/attack the central area, as well as switch flanks. Technically gifted wingers such as Joaquin, Ricardo Quaresma, Lionel Messi are able to dribble infield and using a plethora of tricks, pass defenders and shoot or set up a teammate. This has made wingers some of the most sought after players in the modern game. -->