با این همه اگر جامعه شما کمک ما را برنتابد مایل نیستیم کاری کنیم. بدین دلیل شما باید نخست تصمیم بگیرید که آیا مایل هستید که در مورد انتخابات و روند سیاست‌گذاری ما نظارت بکنیم و حق قانونی داشته باشیم؟ در صورتی که پاسختان به این پیشنهاد مثبت باشد ۳ ماه دیگر برای باقی ماندن حضور ما باید دوباره رای‌گیری بشود. I would rather it be kept on a need to interfere basis. Whenever the community feels that something fishy is going on it can ask the Stewards to interfere. Dear Millosh 2- Naturally, active and helpful contributors get higher chance to be nominated and elected as admins. These people are experienced veterans and it is expected to respect and tolerate them more. However, it is totally understandable that some of them get busy with life and consequently inactive in Wikipedia. I – and maybe other people- think that they only occupy a seat in the administrators list without being helpful. 3- There are rare situations where an administrator makes conflict with the contributors or uses his/her administrative power in personal problems against a user. The user is then frightened or banned by the admin. آیا می‌شود که تأیید کنی که پیرامون انتخاب مدیران در ویکی فارسی صحبت می‌کنی یا چیز دیگری. اگر ایدون است دوست می‌دارم که نظرت را به سه نکته جلب کنم ۱) بسیاری از افراد اینجا بر این باورند که ویکی فارسی دچار معضل شکاف میان شمار مشارکت‌کنندگان فعال و شمار مدیران است. در حال حاضر تنها ۸ مدیر اینجایند که اندکی از آنها کاملاً نافعال‌اند. ۲) به‌طبع مشارکت‌کنندگان فعال و مفید بخت بهتری برای نامزد شدن و انتخاب شدن می‌دارند. اینان کارکشتگان با تجربه‌ای‌اند و انتظار می‌رود که بیشتر مورد احترام باشند و تحمل شوند. با این حال کاملاً قابل فهم است که بعضی آنها گرفتار مشغله‌های زنگانی شده و در ویکی نافعال شوند. من - و احتمالاً دیگران- بر این گمانیم که ایشان بی آنکه مفید باشند تنها کرسی مدیریت را اشغال کرده‌اند. ۳) موارد نادری هست که مدیری با مشارکت‌کنندگان درگیر می‌شود و در مشکلات شخصی‌اش با یکی کاربر از قدرت مدیریتی خود علیه وی استفاده می‌کند. پس کاربر ترسانیده شده یا توسط مدیر قطع دسترسی می‌شود. آیا پیشنهادی هست مبنی بر اینکه در وضع کنونی ویکی فارسی وجود چه تعداد مدیر مطبوع است؟ آیا فرایندی برای تعلیق عنوان مدیریتی شخص نافعال تا هنکام فعالیت دوباره‌اش هست؟ آیا دستورالعملی برای خلع مدیر نافعال یا بی‌انصاف هست؟ ویکی فارسی چند مدیر بباید داشتن؟ Greetings to the Stewards and everyone else. Thanks for taking interest in the deteriorating situation of fa.wikipedia. As a direct result of series of abuse of Bureaucrat's power, conducted by the current unelected Bureaucrat and his admin supporter, there is a great sence of hostility, fear, despair and mistrust between the users. Therefore as a first step, I am suggesting one of the Stewards to close the discussion on Zereshk's RfA, in which case the current Bureaucrat failed to close, with about ~90% approval pass! "I am worried that such an interference would create a divide among the users and increase the load of problems" 100% agreed. Dear Millosh Dear Millosh, nowadays we are trying to stablish arbitration committee to solve our problems systematically and almost all active users are taking part in this activity and now we have candidates and poll is open for gaining consensus. actually I have to say that we were trying to make mediation committee one years ago but failed to response and no one pursue that issue and now it is obsolete. is it possible for us to have arbitration committee without mediation system? is there any relation between them? now there is good chance for users to getting involved in making necessary policies. would you please instruct us in this matter? thankx