He was born in Villa Rica, Georgia, the tenth of eleven children born to Samuel and Martha Bernetta Beall Candler.  Samuel was a prosperous merchant and planter.  Their children were raised in a devout atmosphere. Candler attended Emory College in Oxford, Georgia, from 1874 to 1877.  There he discovered his religious vocation and quite a talent for preaching.  As a result he made the M.E. Church, South the center of his life.  Following college, Warren married Sarah Antoinette "Nettie" Curtright.  The couple had five children, three of whom lived to adulthood. From 1886 until 1888 Rev. Candler served in Nashville, Tennessee as the Assistant Editor of the Christian Advocate, an important periodical in the M.E. Church, South.  In this capacity he supported at least some of the goals of the evangelical Holiness Association, though also fearing it might become divisive. His next assignment was as the tenth President of Emory College.  The students nicknamed him "Shorty."  He advanced firmly conservative views at Emory.  For example, he phased out technological training, implementing a liberal arts curriculum.  He also improved the school's finances and increased the size of its faculty. Candler was elected a Bishop by the General Conference of the  M.E. Church, South in 1898.  As Bishop he became concerned with missionary enterprises among other denominational matters. Bishop Candler also served as spiritual advisor to his brother, Asa Griggs Candler, founder of the Coca-Cola Company.  As such, Warren encouraged Asa's support of church causes, particularly Emory.  Indeed, the creation of Emory University in Atlanta was enabled largely through the financial backing of Asa. Emory's creation came about when Bishop Candler and some of his colleagues, members of the Board of Trustees of Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee, lost influence over that institution.  After an unseccessful 1910 lawsuit to regain their authority, the M.E. Church, South decided instead to establish two new educational institutions, which would be under their control. Bishop Candler became the first Chancellor of the new Emory University in 1914.  As such he fought for traditional values, forbidding such activities as dramatics clubs and intercollegiate athletics.  In addition to the School of Theology, Emory established Law and Medical Schools, and opened a University Hospital, as well.  Candler's hope of establishing a School of Education, however, never came to fruition. Bishop Candler expended great efforts raising funds for Emory.  Indeed, though he expressed his desire to retire as Chancellor in 1918, he did not step down until 1922.  He remained active as a University Trustee until 1937. For three decades Candler wrote a column in the ''Anglo-Saxon superiority, Candler also spoke out very strongly against lynching, for example. In his writings, Candler espoused a paternalistic relationship toward African Americans, and believed that Southern whites had both an obligation to support the education of a "better" class of African American leaders in the South, and to prevent more radical voices from taking the lead in this area. Candler was a member and later President of the Board of Trustees at the historically black Paine College in Augusta, GA, which opened in 1882 under the auspices of Methodist Church South. While not a critic of the American economic system, per se, he did oppose the power of trusts and condemned covetousness in general.  A supporter of the traditional Christian creed, he also sought to mitigate the conflict between science and religion. Candler was also outspoken in his opposition to women's suffrage. Nevertheless, Candler continued to write, and announced his intention to "preach until I die."  He received many honors and gestures of public affection throughout his Episcopal career, including the gift of a Franklin sedan.   Warren Akin Candler died 25 September 1941 in Atlanta, Georgia, being buried in a cemetery adjacent to the Emory campus.  Nettie, his wife of more than sixty years, died two years later. Emory's Candler School of Theology is named in honor of him. Candler College a prestigious high school located in Havana Cuba was also named in his honor.