Mrs. Taber’s Vision Tabor was reorganized in 1916 as an independent secondary school for boys under the tenure of Headmaster Walter Huston Lillard. Lillard, who came to Tabor from Phillips Academy and was educated at Dartmouth College and Oxford University, is responsible for creating the first long-range vision for the future of the Academy. He believed strongly in a “balanced preparatory education” which nurtured both a student’s mind and body. The mission of the Academy under Lillard, as stated in a 1922 handbook, was “ To prepare boys to take their proper place in the world of today.” An emphasis was put on the thoroughness of a Tabor education both inside and outside of the classroom. Tabor Today The school was, until the late 1940s, a maritime school where uniformed boys performed morning and evening drill as well as pursuing a classical academic curriculum. When it returned to its original ideals as a rigorous, college preparatory boarding and day school, it still retained its status as a Naval Honor School. It was designated a Naval Honor School in 1941 by Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox, and remains only one of two secondary schools who still hold the distinction. Although today’s students pursue a collegiate preparatory curriculum in the sciences, maths and humanities, courses are still offered in seamanship, coastal and celestial navigation, naval architecture, lifeboatman training, and sail training. The Town Shortly after the foundation of the academy in 1876, Marion became a fashionable town for the prominent members of the art, political, and literature worlds who sought to escape the hubs of Boston and New York. Those who had grown wealthy from the booming whaling business, such as Elizabeth Taber, had long called Marion home, but the presence Tabor Academy attracted a new class of residents and visitors. This influence was recorded by Randall S. Peffer when he wrote “It is the school which she named Tabor Academy which has done the most to add a sophisticated tone to Marion.” The newfound sophistication attracted the likes of poet Richard Watson Gilder, painter Augustus Saint-Gaudens, author Henry James who based the town of Marmion in his 1886 novel The Bostonians on Marion, and explorer Adolphus Greely. President Grover Cleveland regularly escaped the White House to a rented home down the street from Tabor and President Franklin Delano Roosevelt shared the waters of Sippican Harbor with the Tabor boys as he sailed and later swam in it as a form of therapy for his polio. The dormitories at Tabor Academy range from small houses with as few as 5 students, to larger dormitories with as many as 40 students. Each dormitory has three faculty "dorm parents", at least one of which lives in the dorm with their family alongside the students. Both single rooms and doubles are available for students to choose in the housing lottery. Additionally, underclassmen dorms have upperclassmen proctors who live with the younger students to help them adjust to boarding life and serve as a medium between the students and the faculty. The intimate nature of the dormitories serves to create lifelong bonds between students and also with faculty, one of the most rewarding parts of the Tabor experience. Tabor offers a program useful at competitive colleges. For a school of its size, the curriculum contains an especially broad spectrum of courses, from introductory levels to honors and 22 AP courses to highly sophisticated opportunities for independent work. Tabor offers classes in the traditional Greek, Mandarin Chinese, lighting design, and numerous nautical and marine science courses. In addition to a classical curriculum, Tabor offers unique elective courses about everything from blogging to Greek philosophy. If a student exhausts the levels of a course available, the independent study program allows students to pursue a strength to the level they desire. A student will work one on one with a faculty member and create a custom curriculum and syllabus to satisfy their interest. The waterfront campus of Tabor allows for academic programs and opportunities not possible elsewhere. It is one of the few secondary schools in the United States to offer extensive programs in nautical science and Dutch Pilot schooner, which is a certified school sailing vessel. Every three years Tabor offers the Caribbean Studies Program. Students take a preparatory course in the fall, which readies them for the research and studies they will carry out in the Caribbean. In the winter of that year, students are brought down to the US Virgin Islands in small groups for 10 days where they conduct research aboard the S.S.V. Tabor Boy which is sailed down at the beginning of the program by a crew of Tabor students. The data collected by Tabor students is used by the United States Geological Survey in their ongoing efforts in the region. Tabor Academy fields 55 different teams in 23 interscholastic sports and another 15 instructional programs. The school has a new athletic center, which includes an indoor hockey rink, fitness center, weight room, wrestling room, eight squash courts, field house, basketball gymnasium, four basketball courts, student lounge and grill, athletic offices, a resident athletic trainer, locker rooms, team rooms and an attached health center and infirmary.  Tabor also has the waterfront on Sippican Harbor in Marion for swimming in the spring and summer months, and is used for the training of the sailing and rowing teams. In 1919 Tabor was one of the first American prep schools to formally establish a rowing program. There is a strong and storied rowing history at Tabor, dating back almost a century. Both the men's and the women's teams have been active participants in the Henley Royal Regatta in Henley-on-Thames, UK. The men won the Princess Elizabeth Challenge Cup in 1965, the Thames Challenge Cup in 1936, 1937 and 1939 and have made it to the finals in both numerous times. In 1939 the New York Times reported on Tabor's dominance on the international level, stating that "It is almost a maxim nowadays that either Tabor Academy or Kent School will win the Thames Challenge Cup race for eight-oared crews." In 1938, Tabor's status as an international power in schoolboy rowing was confirmed by their participation one of the first recorded international schoolboy competitions on American waters when a crew of Radley College oarsmen travelled across the Atlantic via ocean liner to race the Tabor Academy crew on Sippican Harbor in Marion.  Throughout the 1930s and 40's Tabor competed regionally against rival prep schools, with their strongest rival being Henley finals and American championship regattas. During this period, in order to seek out a higher level of competition, Tabor raced against crews from M.I.T. The relationship between Tabor and Harvard can be traced back to 1931 when Tabor traveled to England with the Harvard crew to race at Henley and used one of the Crimson's shells in competition. In 1967, the Tabor oarsmen were poised to win their second Henley victory in three years, rowing hard races until the finals they faced a well-rested Eton College crew and lost by ¾ of one boatlength. Another famous race was the 1947 Thames Challenge Cup final at Henley. Coming off the destruction of World War II, many of the British crews did not have sufficient food after the rationing of the war. Tabor thought the honorable decision was to train under the same caloric restrictions as the British crews. They still managed to make it to the finals where they faced traditional rival Kent School who brought along their own provisions from the US and ended up losing the Kent crew, but winning wide support from the British fans and press for their sportsmanship. Tabor is one of eleven schools to have a guest room at the famed Leander are Harvard, Yale, Brown, Oxford, Cambridge and Kent. In recent years, Tabor has continued to win NEIRA championships, win invitations to the USRowing Youth National Championships and travel to England to race at the Henley Royal Regatta on a regular basis. Tabor's men's ice hockey team, three time New England Champions, has produced over 24 NCAA Division 1 and NHL caliber players over the last 20 years. The men's and women's team practice and compete in the Travis Roy arena on campus. The squash program has also been dominant on the national level, having won numerous championships in the past years on both the boys’ and girls’ sides. Most recently, the boys were the 2007 National High School Class B Team Champions and the girls were the 2009 New England Class B Team Squash Champions and have performed impressively at the National Championships. The Tabor wrestling program has also enjoyed a successful history under the direction of coach Dr. F. Timothy Walsh. Coach Walsh was recently inducted into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame for his illustrious career while a coach at M.I.T. and Tabor. He finished his last four years at Tabor with a 72-12 record and during his tenure won numerous Class A championships and produced many National Prep School All Americans. Since the early 1990s, the boy's and girl's Willison Northampton and Westminster School. Former Seawolves are currently playing for NCAA Division I, II and III schools such as Harvard University, Columbia University, Brown University, Princeton University, the University of Pennsylvania, Johns Hopkins University, Georgetown University, Dartmouth College, Amherst College, Williams College, Colby College, Middlebury College among others. Students can choose from the following sports and non-active alternatives. Most sports are offered at the varsity, junior varsity and thirds levels. ”Youth of all portions” Tabor is primarily a dormitories on campus while the remaining 25 percent are day students who live at home and commute to the school. A large part of the community at Tabor is the international students who come from around the world to live and learn at the academy. There are students and faculty who live in North and South America, the Caribbean, Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa and the Middle East. The S.S.V. Tabor Boy The academy utilizes its extensive waterfront facilities to house Tabor’s 92' schooner 'S.S.V. Tabor Boy'. The Tabor Boy is one of the most famous and recognizable features of the school. The roots of the program were founded in 1917 when then headmaster W.H. Lillard loaned two 31-foot cutters from the U.S. Navy to develop the academy’s nautical programs. In 1925, “The Tabor Boy Trust” was formed to raise funds to purchase an 88’ schooner for the school’s use. The runaway success of the nautical-training and deep-water cruising programs that the Tabor Boy provided led the school to purchase the Eldu II, soon to be renamed the Tabor Boy II, in 1945. The boat was raced in numerous Newport-to-Bermuda regattas by Tabor students until it was retired in 1954. In 1954, the boat was replaced with the current vessel, a 92’ Dutch Pilot Schooner, still referred to as Tabor Boy and has since logged tens of thousands of miles. The boat is moored in Sippican Harbor and is in regular use with fall and spring all-student crews as well as the Freshman Orientation at Sea and Caribbean Studies programs. There are many activities for students to participate in on the weekends as well as some weeknights. On the weekends there are usually school-sponsored trips to either Providence or Boston, which are both less than an hour from campus by bus. Also, there are activities such as vans to the local cinema, trips to the mall or local restaurants. On campus, there are usually a combination of dances, dorm activities, film screenings, hypnotists, visiting bands, intramural sports competitions and other various events. Every night the Beebe Grill is open in the Fish Center for students to get something to eat after study hall, or a place where there are musical performances and dances on the weekends. In the spring, the waterfront is opened used by students to take out boats for the afternoon or to go swimming off the docks and in the winter students can use the Travis Roy Rink for skating on weekend nights. A Global Education In addition to being surrounded by faculty and classmates from across the globe, Tabor students are offered a wide array of international experiences they may partake in during their time at the academy. Students are given the opportunity to attend an English boarding school for one year, as a gap year, after graduation through the English Speaking Union. Through this exchange, each year one student from England comes to campus as a full member of senior class for the entirety of the school year. Every year a few students elect to go abroad for one year through the School Year Abroad program to locations such as China, Italy, France, Spain, India, and Vietnam. During the year abroad they immerse themselves in the local culture and language while pursuing a rigorous academic curriculum. As a school with a rich history, Tabor has had long history of events and activities that have become campus traditions.  Such events as Tabor-Holderness Day, First Snow, and Springfest are integral parts of the Tabor experience. Twice every week the entire school community gathers in Wickenden Chapel for a chapel service. It is not a religious service, rather it serves as a time for the entire community to gather together, sing the Alma Mater and listen to a speech. The speeches are given by students and faculty and can be comedic, tragic, nostalgic, philosophical, shocking and everything in between. On the last school night before Thanksgiving break, Tabor puts on a full Thanksgiving feast for the school and decorates the dining hall with traditional trappings of the holiday. A similar feast is held on the morning the students depart for the winter vacation, a traditional Christmas breakfast is put on in the dining hall with all the decorations one would expect from a proper holiday celebration. The school holds an annual service of King's College at Cambridge University.  The service is widely attended in Wickenden Chapel by not only faculty and students but with residents from the surrounding towns. Spring at Tabor is defined by Springfest. One day in spring right before final exams, classes are cancelled and the waterfront fields are turned into a fair of sorts. The docks are littered with students sunbathing and swimming, the fields are filled with everything from volleyball nets, to waterslides, to a rock climbing wall, and stages are set up and bands are brought in that play into the night. One day a year, usually in the late spring, the headmaster will unexpectedly announce that all students and faculty are to report to the chapel, at which point he announces that school the following day is unexpectedly cancelled. The day off is usually spent laying out and playing games on the waterfront by Hoyt Hall and going to the town beach with friends. The Tabor Academy Alma Mater Noble and strong, To thee with loyal hearts We raise our song. Swelling to Heaven Hail, dear old Tabor! Of thee we sing. Broad seas before us lie. With eyes bright, hands alert, and close-trimmed sail Later upon life's voyage, Our skills we'll try