Salisbury Interchange is a railway station and bus interchange in the northern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia. Salisbury is an important regional centre for shopping, recreation and government services.  The headquarters of the TAFE college, and a cinema.  With its role as a transport interchange, Salisbury is one of the busiest stations on the Adelaide suburban rail system. Salisbury is one of the few railway stations on the TransAdelaide network with a staffed ticket office.  It has been designated a Safer Station with enhanced lighting, CCTV surveillance and security help phones provided. It was revealed in the Sunday Mail on March 16 2008, the several services which either terminated or commenced at Salisbury Interchage will be cut, however overall services have increased, with all services terminating at either Gawler or Gawler Central. Trains to and from Adelaide and Gawler operate every 15 minutes at off-peak times on Monday to Friday, and every 30 minutes during the day on Saturday and Sunday. In the evening, services run every hour. Signalling on the broad gauge lines at Salisbury is controlled from TransAdelaide’s computerised train control centre in the Adelaide station yard. The standard gauge line is controlled from the ARTC control centre at Mile End. The level crossing on Park Terrace, immediately south of the station platforms was the scene of a fatal collision between the Ghan train and several cars and a bus, in October 2002.  Since then, buses to and from the Interchange have been re-routed away from the level crossing and pedestrian gates have been installed, which are locked automatically by approaching trains.   This is the first installation of this type of level crossing protection in South Australia. The short siding north of Salisbury was used to terminate and reverse several trains in the weekday peak-hours. As a restult of timetable changes on 27 April 2008, trains no longer terminate here.  It is the last remnant of the former branch line to Penfield. In 1925, a junction was installed north of Salisbury when a new line was built to Redhill, in the state’s mid-North.  By 1937, this line was extended to TransAustralian train to Kalgoorlie. In 1941 a second junction was installed north of Salisbury, when a short branch line was opened to various World War II armaments factories at Penfield.  During the war years this branch line was used by many passenger trains carrying workers to the munitions factories in the area.  This was necessary because Salisbury was still a semi-rural community at the time and most of the workforce had to be brought in from other districts.  This line terminated in a balloon loop. The final branch line in the area was a short access line into the Elizabeth, opened in 1959.  This left the Gawler line around 2km north of Salisbury station and was used mainly by freight trains, but had passenger trains at shift change-over times.  The last passenger train on the GMH branch ran in August 1992, and the remaining freight traffic stopped when the Melbourne to Adelaide line was converted to standard gauge in 1995. In 1982, AN converted the AN to ARTC and from the STA to TransAdelaide.