The Navy's design concept originated from WWII, where fighters hastily converted for bombing with jury-rigged bomb racks proved to be versatile assets, which were capable of defending themselves once they had dropped their bombs. He and his supporters pushed for the VFAX concept, a cheap and lightweight strike fighter, as a counterpart to the expensive and complex F-14 Tomcat then under development. In the 1990s the US Navy faced the retirement of its F-35C, Hornets and Super Hornets will serve complementary roles in the US Navy carrier arsenal. The Hornet was among the first aircraft to heavily utilize Multi-function displays, which at the switch of a button allow the pilot to perform either fighter or attack roles or both. This "force multiplier" capability gives the operational commander more flexibility in employing tactical aircraft in a rapidly changing battle scenario. It was the first Navy aircraft to incorporate a digital multiplex avionics bus, enabling easy upgrades. The Hornet is also notable for having been designed with maintenance in mind, and as a result has required far less downtime than its counterparts, the F-14 Tomcat and the A-6 Intruder. Its mean time between failure is three times greater than any other Navy strike aircraft, and requires half the maintenance time. For example, whereas replacing the engine on the A-4 Skyhawk required removing the aircraft's tail, the engine on the Hornet is attached at only three points and can be directly removed without excessive disassembly. The General Electric F404-GE-402 engines powering the Hornet were also innovative that they were designed with operability, reliability, and maintainability first. The result is an engine that is far more stall-resistant than its predecessors. For some unexplained reason, however, the F/A-18A/C production model has a low fuel fraction for a combat aircraft, similar to the YF-18 demonstrator. That is, its internal fuel capacity is small relative to its take-off weight, at around 23 percent. Most aircraft of its class has a fuel fraction between .30 to .35 which allows them to fly a decent distance, drop bombs and/or dogfight, and return to their point of origin with minimum tanker support. As a result of this defiency, the Hornet would never be able to completely satisfy the original VFAX requirements. Beginning in 1991, Hornets were upgraded to the F404-GE-402 engine, providing a 20% increase in thrust. Production of the F/A-18C ended in 1999. This is an electronic warfare version of the F/A-18F, slated to begin production in 2008, with first prototypes already under way. The US Navy have ordered a total of 57 airframes to replace the existing EA-6B Prowlers in service with the USN, all of which will be based at NAS Whidbey Island. --->