From the 2nd century BC, Judea had been heavily influenced by the Hellenistic civilization, and Koine Greek rapidly became the international language of the eastern Mediterranean, displacing Aramaic, and so became the language of travelling merchants. It is thus possible that Jesus knew at least market Greek. The canonical New Testament of today was originally written in Koine Greek, including many quotations from the Septuagint, but see also Jewish-Christian Gospels. This verse gives an Aramaic phrase, attributed to Jesus bringing the girl back to life, with a transliteration into Greek, as ταλιθα κουμ. The Aramaic is ţlīthā qūm. The word ţlīthā is the feminine form of the word ţlē, meaning "young". Qūm is the Aramaic verb 'to rise, stand, get up'. In the feminine singular imperative, it was originally 'qūmī'. However, there is evidence that in speech the final -ī was dropped so that the imperative did not distinguish between masculine and feminine genders. The older manuscripts, therefore, used a Greek spelling that reflected pronunciation, whereas the addition of an 'ι' was perhaps due to a bookish copyist. In Aramaic, it could be אתפתח or אפתח. In Aramaic, it would be אבא. Raca, or Raka, in the Aramaic of the Talmud means empty one, fool, empty head. In Aramaic, it could be ריקא or ריקה. In the New Testament the word  — Mamōnâs — is declined like a Greek word, whereas many of the other Aramaic and Hebrew words are treated as indeclinable foreign words. In both Aramaic, it would have been רבוני. In Aramaic, it could be אלהי אלהי למא שבקתני. The Greek  is declined as a Greek noun. Greeks regularly added endings to Semitic and Hebrew words when transliterating Hebrew words in the Septuagint. In Aramaic, it could be כיפא. In Aramaic, it could be תאומא. In Aramaic, it could be טביתא. In Aramaic, it could be גת שמני. This is clearly Aramaic rather than Hebrew. 'Gûlgaltâ' is the Aramaic for 'skull'. The name appears in all of the gospels except Luke, which calls the place simply Kranion  'the Skull', with no Aramaic. The name 'Calvary' is taken from the Latin Vulgate translation, Calvaria. In Aramaic, it could be גלגלתא. In Aramaic, it could be גבהתא. In Aramaic, it could be חקל דמא. Bethesda was originally the name of a pool in Jerusalem, on the path of the Beth Zeta Valley, and is also known as the Sheep Pool. It is associated with healing. In John 5, Jesus was reported healing a man at the pool.