Mecia Simone Simson was announced as the winner of the competition. The 20 potential contestants arrive at a country manor house with a champagne reception, and are soon greeted by host Lisa, who informs them they are to enter the gruelling model boot camp. Amongst the girls is Hayley, who was chosen by the public to take part following an online vote. After completing an assault course and a catwalk challenge featuring clothing from the Ed Hardy range, as well as a brief individual meeting with the judges, 5 girls are eliminated when they don't find dog tags in boxes placed on their beds. The episode's photo challenge sees the remaining 15 girls put in three groups of five for an army inspired shoot with Huggy. At panel, the judges have praise for Hayley and Kasey, who both stand out in their pictures, as well as Lauren, who is rather bizarrely told by new judge Louis that she is 'the new Moulin Rouge'. The girls excitedly move into the model house and are thrilled with their new abode.  The following morning they are split into two teams for a very raucous fashion quiz, with the winners receiving designer watches.  The week's challenge is to film an advert on the Millennium bridge wearing Elizabeth Emanuel bridal wear. The girls have to deliver some dialogue then kiss a male model. Kasey impresses and wins the challenge, while Mecia irritates the photographer by refusing to kiss the model, worried she will upset her boyfriend of four years. The week's photoshoot challenge asks the girls to pose naked in a bath of water filled with mangos for the brand Simple Cosmetics. Sophie struggles, going into 'panic mode' once in the water, while Ashley is concerned how her body will look considering she has had two children. Tensions rise in the model house when Annaliese tells the other girls to turn off the kitchen's extractor fan as she can smell mackerel and tuna in her bedroom at the other side of the house. Chloe answers back, accusing Annaliese of not washing her scrambled eggs pan with washing up liquid, which results in Annaliese angrily branding Chloe a wannabe porn star and lads mag model. The following day the girls excitedly receive their long awaited makeovers. Madeleine is very upset with her short, asymmetric ginger bob, and thinks she looks like a boy or "even a lesbian". Sophie and Ashley are also less than pleased with their short, edgier haircuts, although Kasey takes the removal of her blonde weave in her stride and seems happy with her short black bob. It is Viola, however, who impresses the salon's management the most, and she is chosen to model for their 50th anniversary advertising campaign. Sophie is disgusted that she will have to kiss Mecia, who has been sick the night before from drinking too much alcohol. Hayley, Daisy and Lauren perform confidently, while Chloe in particular struggles to feel comfortable on set. At panel, the judges have praise for Hayley, Daisy, Kasey and Jade. Madeliene is reprimanded for her attitude at the makeovers, but it is Ashley and Chloe who land in the bottom two for their weak performance at the photoshoot, with Chloe being told by photographer Nicky Johnston that her becoming a model is about as likely as him studying medicine at Harvard. In a shock twist, Lisa announces that both girls are to be given another chance and no-one is to be eliminated. Returning home from judging panel, many of the girls, particularly Sophie and Daisy, are angry that nobody was eliminated. Chloe in particular is targeted, with some girls questioning her place in the competition. The following morning the girls are excited to meet 'rock royalty', Jo Wood, who challenges them to perform a short inspirational speech in front of a group of 12–16-year-olds. Jade impresses, talking candidly about her battle with anorexia, while Chloe particularly disappoints with her talk on her passion, make up. She also gets in trouble for lecturing against animal cruelty whilst wearing a leather jacket. Surprisingly to some of the other girls, Daisy wins the challenge. The next day the girls meet Johnny Vaughan at Capital FM, who interviews the girls in groups of three, with Lisa watching behind the scenes. Viola performs particularly badly, not saying one word throughout, while Annaliese impresses and wins the challenge, choosing to take Ashley on a shopping spree for the prize. Daisy and Chloe impress, while the photographer is less inspired by the performances from Kasey and Lauren, who is criticized for being too overtly sexy and sassy. At panel the judges have praise for Sophie and Jade, while Ashley is commended by Lisa for her picture highlighting domestic violence, of which she has been a victim in the past. Ultimately, Lauren and Kasey wind up in the bottom two, and Lauren is sent home because of her limited look and the lack of variety in her facial expressions. The girls are taken to a London club where they are introduced to Louise Redknapp.  In turn, the girls interview Louise, with the girl that impresses the most having her interview featured on Handbag.com.  Sophie and Chloe are reprimanded for asking inappropriate and negative questions, but Hayley impresses and is delighted to be chosen by Louise as the winner. The week's second reward challenge sees the girls modelling hats and headwear by judge Louis, and having to walk elegantly to impress a party of people, including Fashion Director, Hilary Alexander, who asks each girl probing questions.  Again, Chloe disappoints, tripping on some rose petals on the floor, but Louis is pleased with the performances by Hayley, Daisy and especially Jade, who wins the challenge. Back at the house, the girls are excited to receive a video message from Kylie Minogue, who explains that this week's photo-shoot will be for her new perfume, 'Couture', and the girls will be wearing elegant evening dresses harking back to 1920s glamour.  At the photo-shoot, Jade and Mecia impress, while Kasey and Chloe struggle to relax on set. At panel, the judges have praise for Jade, who receives the first call out, as well as Daisy and Mecia.  Ultimately, Kasey and Chloe wind up in the bottom two for producing lacklustre photos, and the girls are shocked when Lisa reveals that they are both eliminated from the competition due to not pushing through and delivering strong pictures. The girls are excited to learn they are to go on a surprise overseas trip where they are to take part in a photoshoot in the freezing cold. The following day, judge and photographer Huggy Ragnarsson meets them at the airport and reveals they're going to Iceland. At dinner in their new destination, some of the girls question what they're eating - a harbinger of the challenge they will face the next day. The challenge is to shoot a commercial to market Iceland. Andrea Brabin, who runs a casting agency, tells the girls they are to wear Icelandic clothes, eat Icelandic food and recite a line in the local language, while shooting the commercial. The sheep's head horrifies the girls and some girls have trouble eating the delicacy, including Jade who does not eat the meat because of her vegetarianism. Some excel in the commercial however, especially Sophie, who is the eventual winner of the challenge. The girls' photo shoot the next day is on the rocky shoreline of the Blue Lagoon, with each girl representing a different queen. Most girls do a good job, based on feedback by Huggy who is the week's photographer, but Viola is lightly reprimanded for her inability to keep still. Before the girls are due to leave Iceland, Viola and Ashley end up fighting back at the hotel, with Ashley accusing Viola of having no manners, which leaves Viola angry and in tears. At panel, Daisy is given the opportunity to be a guest judge on the panel due to the fact that she excelled at the photoshoot, making her exempt from elimination. Viola is told by Huggy and Lisa that her picture is strong, but Louis disagrees, thinking she looks boring and flat. Jade's picture, however, is unanimously praised, and she is told that she is growing in confidence and definitely progressing. Ultimately, Annaliese and Madeleine end up in the bottom two. Annaliese is told that her energy and enthusiasm is causing her to lose focus while the judges see Madeleine as having an ideal face for beauty but she is missing height and edge. In the end, Madeleine is sent home due to her lack of editorial appeal. The weekly challenge involves the girls all posing for photographs wearing Faith shoes, with the winning two pictures being displayed in shop windows throughout the country.  Despite good performances from Jade and Annaliese, it is Sophie and Ashley who impress the most and win the challenge, and as an extra treat, the girls are taken to a luxury nail salon, where they get the chance to drink champagne and discuss the behaviour of their fellow competitors. The week's photo-shoot proves to be the most gruelling to date, with each girl posing underwater in a large tank, wearing a Louis Mariette headpiece and a gown designed by Debbie Gething.  Jade impresses the most, despite being so light that she finds it hard to stay under water, although Hayley and Viola panic and do not perform so confidently. Back at the house, there is further tension, mainly surrounding Viola's supposed attitude problem. But it is Ashley and Mecia who end up coming to blows, with Mecia accused of being a 'two-faced bitch' with regards to her behaviour around Viola. At panel, the judges have praise for Jade's photo, which receives the first call out, and are almost as enamoured with Viola's picture.  But it is competition frontrunners Daisy and Hayley who wind up in the bottom two, both for producing poor photos.  Despite a strong body of work, it is Hayley who is eventually sent home, with Lisa saying that she has let the other girls have outshine her that week, but not to give up on modelling. The seven remaining girls return to the house following Hayley's surprise elimination, and Mecia finds she is the only girl to receive a personal letter from Hayley, upsetting Ashley who felt that, also being Scottish, she should have got one too. The girls learn that they are to attend two separate castings, with the first being for Imodium. Viola struggles, and admits she is unaware what the product is, whilst Sophie is unable to correctly name the product. Ashley is initially confident, but following her meeting, finds that the other girls are shocked at how blunt her description of the product was. Annaliese impresses, and wins a potential role in a television campaign for Imodium, to the amusement of the others. At the second casting, the girls are excited to meet Pearl Lowe who is looking for another girl to star alongside her daughter, the model Daisy Lowe for her new look-book. Mecia is selected as the best and wins the job. Jade is told that she is to skinny for the campaign, and she breaks down on the way home. Next the girls head to a wind tunnel, to film a potential commercial for Rice Cakes. Sophie tells Viola that people have died from using a wind tunnel, causing her to perform badly. Daisy is deemed the best, and wins tickets to a private fashion party, choosing to take Sophie with her. At the party, and just as Sophie is expressing her delight that 'Scouse' was eliminated, Chloe's cousin, and former BNTM runner-up Abigail Clancy arrives, prompting Sophie to worry that Chloe had said bad things about her. Later, Daisy and Sophie lie to the other girls, making up a story that they met a fictional fashion designer, which most of the other girls, and Jade in particular believe. The girls head to their photo shoot which sees them posing with a burning car for a potential Lipsy campaign. Abigail appears to monitor the girls' performances on set, and Daisy and Sophie are forced to reveal that they had met her the night before, which the others take it in good humour. At panel, Abigail returns as the guest judge for the week, and informs the rest of the panel that Sophie seemed like a know-it-all. The girls are generally considered disappointing, with the exception of Mecia and Viola, who both produce impressive shots. Annaliese in particular receives poor feedback for seeming lifeless in her shot despite her bubbly personality, and ultimately winds up in the bottom two with Sophie. Sophie is spared, and Annaliese is sent home. The girls are immediately thrown into a photo shoot for Company magazine, the magazine that is going to put the winner on the cover. The twist is that the photo shoot is with the upcoming rock band The Script. This causes a few of the girls to get star struck and impacts negatively on their photo. Sophie wins the challenge and chooses Daisy to come with her to The Script's gig later that evening, with both girls enjoying champagne backstage with the band afterwards. Back at the house, tension brews when Ashley accuses Sophie of breaking a promise that they had made previously, where Sophie would take Ashley on a reward in exchange for tips on photoshoots. The second challenge of the week is a commercial for Special K. Lisa, having done several commercials for the company, tells the girls now is the time to step up. She's especially concerned about Viola and even gives her a special pep talk with regards to her attitude. Jade also gets some one-to-one time with Lisa because of her weight, and she talks candidly about her battle with anorexia. Despite this extra attention, Sophie takes home the prize for the second time this episode. The photo shoot is a recreation of the famous Kate Moss lace body suit beauty shot. Terry O'Neill, who photographed the original, is not particularly impressed with anybody's performance on set, with the exception of Mecia and especially Jade, who he thinks might have something special. At panel, Terry has criticism for all the girls except Jade, with some judges expressing that they prefer Jade's picture to Kate Moss'. Mecia is told she would work better as an actress, while Terry tells Sophie that he doesn't 'get her look' at all. Ashley shocks the judges by admitting that she had attended the photoshoot hungover. Ashley winds up in the bottom two due to her lack of professionalism and Daisy is placed in the bottom two for producing lackluster photos, and it is early favourite Daisy and her 'wonky' eye who is shockingly sent home due to her lack of vitality and for looking older than she is, whilst the other girls get ready to head to Argentina. The girls excitedly arrive in Buenos Aires and are thrilled to be given a tour of the city by a sexy male model, who Viola seems particularly enamoured with. Their first task is to perform a fashion show for the local elite society, modelling polo clothes. Sophie is shocked to be criticised by Lisa for her steely expression and uninviting body language, while Jade is praised for her moves. The fivesome are allowed to enjoy the remainder of the party, which Sophie and Ashley use as an opportunity to flirt with the male guests. The following day the girls head into the desert to do a casting for a commercial. They have a few lines to deliver including something in Spanish, as well as having to interact with the male models and get on a horse. Mecia struggles slightly with the words, and her Spanish is unintelligible. Jade does a fairly good job, while Ashley forgets her words and giggles too much. Viola is deemed the worst, completely forgetting her words and the director eventually gives up on her. Sophie, however, does an excellent job, and wins yet another challenge. Next, the girls head into the famous Argentinian Salt Planes for a photo shoot for a potential nationwide campaign for Skin Bliss. Mecia has quite a good shoot, but lacks diversity of facial expressions, as does Ashley who is visibly nervous. Again, Viola does not let her personality shine through, while Jade and Sophie perform confidently. At panel, Jade is praised for her photo, as is Sophie, who is thrilled to learn she has won the campaign. Despite producing a good photo, Viola is reprimanded for her unprofessional attitude on set at the commercial casting, and ends up in the bottom two with Ashley, who the judges feel is not taking the competition as seriously as she should. Ultimately, Viola is sent home, with the judges feeling exasperated that she had seemed to give up on certain aspects of the competition. The girls are given a crash course in Latin dancing at a traditional Argentinian dance hall, and then an hour later sent to perform a tango on the streets of La Boca. None of the girls fare particularly well, although Ashley's confused performance leaves the most to be desired. The following day the girls are sent on their first go-sees. The first is with Elite Model Management, who quiz the girls on their eating and exercise habits. Ashley admits that she has a bad diet, while Sophie does not impress when she states that shopping comprises the largest part of her exercise regime. The second go-see is at the boutique of top designer, Benito Fernandez, where each girl enjoys strutting their stuff in his colourful clothes. Next the girls are taken to see haute couture designer Pablo Ramirez, where Louis announces that Jade has impressed the most throughout the day, and she is delighted to be able to choose one of Pablo's dresses to keep. Back at the house, the girls are joined again by their model tour guide, Ivan, and his equally dashing friend. The evening's drinking games lead to frolics in the pool, resulting in Ashley and Sophie getting amorous with the boys, and Sophie branding Ashley's aggressive goodbye kiss with her man as bordering on soft porn. The next day's photo-shoot is for the very high fashion Catalogue magazine, with each girl having to pose seductively with a male model while dressed in regal attire. Sophie sets the bar high with an impressive performance on set, while Jade also shines, delivering some sexy poses, which leaves Sophie questioning whether Jade is as nice and innocent as she seems. At panel, the judges have praise for Sophie and Jade's pictures, which leaves Mecia and a very nervous Ashley in the bottom two. Mecia is criticised for not interacting effectively with the boy model and an uninspiring performance on set as well as not delivering a variety of facial expressions, but at least has produced a lucky shot, while it is agreed that Ashley looks stiff in her photo and might have given too little too late. Unfortunately, it is Ashley that is sent back to the UK. The three remaining girls arrive in Buenos Aires for the Fashion Week. They have to work backstage. Later, they are challenged to re-enact scenes from the life of Argentinian icon Eva Peron for a photoshoot, in two different shots each. During elimination, it is Jade who is sent home. Afterwards, Mecia and Sophie are whisked back to London in preparation for the final catwalk showdown. The pressure mounts as the remaining two competitors face the glare of the press and the glamour of the modeling high-life before their final showdown. All of the models come back to support them, and as did the finalists families. Mecia was crowned Britain's Next Top Model of 2009.