During Essex-class. Schade added materially in overcoming the shortage of aircraft carriers of all types by overseeing their accelerated construction thereby contributing to the defeat of the German Submarine campaign, the shift from the defensive to the offensive in the Pacific, and the subsequent successful prosecution of the war. Near the end of the war, Schade served as Chief of the United States Naval Technical Mission in Europe. The Mission was charged with the responsibility of exploiting German science and technology for the benefit of the United States Navy's technical Bureaus. It is here at the Naval Academy young Henry acquired an unusual nickname that would stick with him the remainder of his life. While being called "Packy" by his classmates might seem odd, it was not at all unique. Another student who attended a half-dozen or more years prior to Schade went by the nickname of Packy. This other man was a standout athlete for the Navy's crew team and when Schade proved his own talents every bit the equal of the former Packy's, his crew team dubbed him "Packy II". Over time the II was dropped and everyone simply called him Packy. Packy Schade was by all accounts a star for both the Plebe and Junior Varsity crew teams while a midshipman. In 1923, Schade graduated from the Naval Academy with distinction, seventh in his class of 414. On June 23, 1923 he was commissioned Ensign in the United States Navy and ordered to the battleship , flagship of Commander in Chief, Battle Fleet. In only one year, Schade had worked his way up to duty as Communication Watch Officer aboard California. Schade was then assigned to the Experimental Model Basin, which at that time was located at the Washington Navy Yard. Detached from the Model Basin in July 1936, he was ordered overseas to attend the Technische Hochschule Berlin-Charlottenburg. In June 1937 Schade received the degree of Doctor of Engineering in Naval Architecture for his research on strength of ship structures and his landmark dissertation entitled Statik Des Schift-Bodens Unter-Wasserdruck. An English translation by Schade was published as Theory of Motions of Craft in Waves. Just four days before the Japanese aerial attack on Pearl Harbor, Commander Schade celebrated his 42nd birthday. By all accounts he had done a tremendous job over the previous two years at Newport News working diligently on the Essex project. His efforts had not gone unnoticed in the Bureau of Ships. With the nation now at war, his reward would not be long in coming. The Chief and Deputy Chief of BuShips wasted no time reorganizing their personnel to meet the demands of a two-ocean war. In the weeks following the attack on Pearl Harbor orders were sent to ships and stations around the world recalling the people they felt best suited for a particular task. One such recall was Commander Schade. Ordered detached from his role as SNLO at Newport News in late December 1941, he was to report to "Main Navy" for duty at the Bureau of Ships by January 1, 1942. Just three weeks after turning 42, Schade had been identified as the ideal candidate to head the Bureau's Carrier Desk during the country's first ever carrier war. Quite a responsibility for a Commander. Nearly all of the Bureau's ship type desks were run by officers with the rank of Captain. The fact that the most important ship type, arguably the aircraft carrier, for the anticipated nature of fighting would be placed in the hands of a mere Commander speaks volumes as to the complete faith both Robinson and Van Keuren had in Schade. There were thousands within the bureau that in some way would contribute to developing the Navy's carriers, but it was up to Schade to get those carriers built and fully prepared to join the fleet. Two days before Christmas, 1944, Captain Schade was advanced to the rank of Commodore. In January, 1945, Commodore Schade was ordered to report to the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations for a very special reassignment of duty. Schade was to create, and head, a team of scientific and technical specialists to obtain and exploit German science and technologies in areas immediately behind the front lines of fighting in Europe. As allied ground forces gained ground, Schade and his scientists would rush into the void left behind advancing forces to study the equipment and weaponry employed by the Germans. The United States Naval Technical Mission in Europe was particularly interested the capture and study of rocketry and all things naval as German ports and bases were wrested from Hitler's forces. Schade initially headquartered the Mission in Paris, but soon the Mission was constantly on the move as allied forces advanced more and more rapidly deeper into German occupied territories and then into Germany itself. Following the war, Schade was also bestowed with the American Defense Service Medal, the European-African-Middle Eastern Area Campaign Medal, the American Area Campaign Medal, and the World War II Victory Medal. Additionally, the Government of Great Britain made Schade an Honorary Officer of the Military Division of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire. On November 1, 1945, he was appointed Director of the Naval Research Laboratory, at Anacostia, relieving the man who had chosen him to run the Carrier Desk at the outbreak of the war, Rear Admiral Alexander H. Van Keuren. The NRL conducted the most sophisticated and extensive forms of research and experiments in the Navy Department for the benefit of her technical bureaus. Schade remained as Director of the Naval Research Laboratory until his retirement from the Navy Department on February 1, 1949. Effective upon his retirement, Schade was advanced from the rank of Commodore to Rear Admiral before being placed on the retired list. In 1950, Schade's doctoral dissertation Statik Des Schift-Bodens Unter-Wasserdruck, written for Technische Hochschule 13 years prior in Berlin, was translated to English by Packy Schade himself and published as Theory of Motions of Craft in Waves by the Department of Engineering, University of California, Berkeley. He received the National Academy of Sciences, and was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1973. Schade and his wife, the former Alice Houseman of Pasadena, California, had two sons, Henry A. Schade, Jr. and Richard J. Schade. Alice Schade died in 1990. Rear Admiral Henry Adrian "Packy" Schade died less than two years later in 1992. Until his death he remained a member in good standing of the Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers and the Army-Navy Club. Schade indeed left his mark upon BuShips during World War II, but he also continues to impact lives today. Professional papers of modern day Naval Architects frequently draw upon his concepts, passages, and papers as references for their own academic studies. Students are still today exploring Schade's original theoretical thinking on effective breadth of ship structures and often cite his works in their doctoral dissertations. Rear Admiral Henry Adrian "Packy" Schade may be the least known man of World War II. But, he may also be as equally responsible for victory in the Pacific as any pilot that ever took-off from, or landed on, one of his carriers.