Posledné prezidentské voľby sa uskutočnili 4. novembra 2008. Priebeh volieb sa riadi podľa prvej sekcie Druhého článku Ústavy USA, a jeho úpravou v dodatkoch XII, XXII a XXIII. The electoral college has long been criticized, for several reasons. It has been criticized for being undemocratic by definition, since through it the President is elected indirectly rather than a direct system of election. Another criticism is that it creates inequality between voters in different states during the presidential election. Usually, only voters in swing states determine the outcome of the election and as a result, it is claimed that the vast majority of Americans, who live in non-competitive states, are largely ignored by political campaigns. If the electoral college were abolished and if the whole country were treated as one district for Presidential elections, then the result would not depend on crucial swing states. It also creates inequality in that the populations of very small states, which have a minimum of 3 Electoral college votes, are overrepresented compared with voters from larger states. For example, Wyoming has a population of 493,782 and 3 EC votes, 164,594 people per EC vote. California has a population of 33,871,648 and 55 EC votes, 615,848 people per EC vote. Abolishing the college and replacing it with a national direct system would also prevent a candidate from receiving fewer votes nationwide than their opponent, but still winning more electoral votes, which last occurred in the 2000 Presidential election. Also, the electoral college discriminates against candidates who do not have support concentrated in several states. In 1992, Ross Perot won 18.9% of the national vote, but received no electoral college votes. The electoral college would require a constitutional amendment to be abolished, and since three-quarters of state legislatures would be required to ratify an amendment that would effectively redistribute voting power from many small states to numerically fewer large states, it is thought that an amendment would fail. --> † Označuje minoritného prezidenta—teda takého, ktorý dostal menej ako 50% zo všetkých hlasov. ‡ Označuje prezidenta, ktorý nezískal ani pluralitu z odovzdaných hlasov a jeho protikandidáta. Účasť na prezidentských voľbách v posledných rokoch klesala, hoci ostro vyskočila vo voľbách v roku 60. do 80. rokov sa množstvo zaregistrovaných voličov pohybovalo od 65% do 70% z celej populácie, ktorá môže voliť a vplyvom nových vládnych programov registrácia stúpla na 75% v 1996 a 2000.