Walaupun baginda sering dirujuk sebagai Carlos V atau Charles Quint di Sepanyol, baginda memerintah secara rasmi sebagai Carlos I, Charles I dari Sepanyol. Charles V ialah putera kepada Joanna si Gila dari Castile. Datuk nenek sebelah ibunya Maharaja  Maximilian I dan Henry VIII, manakala sepupunya ialah Mary I dari England yang berkahwin dengan Philip, putera Charles sendiri. Pemerintahan Charles V memperkenalkan gelaran-yang matahari tidak pernah benam". Combining in himself the heritage of the German House of Burgundy, and the Spanish heritage of his mother, Charles, transcended ethnic and national boundaries. Though Spain was the core of his kingdom, he was never totally assimilated and especially in his earlier years felt like and was viewed as a foreign prince. He could not speak Spanish very well, as it was not his primary language. Nonetheless, he spent most of his life in Spain, including his final years in a Spanish monastery. In his youth, Charles was tutored by Lord Chièvres, Jean Sauvage and Mercurino Gattinara. The Low Countries held an important place in the Empire. For Charles personally, they were the region where he spent his childhood. Because of trade and industry and the rich cities, they were also important for the treasury. For the first time the crowns of Castile and Aragon were united in one person. Ferdinand and Isabella had each been sovereign in one kingdom, but only consort in the other. A third war erupted in Philip, in the duchy, despite Francis's claims on it. This war too was inconclusive. Francis failed to conquer Milan, but succeeded in conquering most of the lands of Charles's ally the War resumed in Henry VIII. Despite the conquest of Nice by a Franco-Ottoman fleet, the French remained unable to advance into Milan, while a joint Anglo-Imperial invasion of northern France, led by Charles himself, won some successes but was ultimately abandoned, leading to another peace and restoration of the status quo ante in 1544. A final war erupted with Francis's son and successor, Henry II, in Lorraine, where he captured Philip II and his brother, Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor. Peasants' Revolt in Germany and the formation of the Lutheran Ferdinand while he concentrated on problems abroad. In Philip of Hesse in 1547. At the Augsburg Interim in 1548 he created a doctrinal compromise that he felt Catholics and Protestants alike might share. A more permanent settlement followed with the 1555 Peace of Augsburg. Charles died on Monastery of San Lorenzo de El Escorial.