In July 1907 an improved chain-track was demonstrated at the British Army's HQ at Aldershot. Roberts explained that he had plans for a trailer, also fitted with a chain-track, on which a gun could be mounted. It was at this trial that British soldiers gave the tractor the nickname "caterpillar", an expression that has stuck ever since. Roberts completed his tracked trailer and demonstrated it to the Royal Artillery in November of the same year. A third machine was tested at Aldershot in May 1910, easily towing a 60-pounder gun and its ammunition over rough ground. It was here that Major W.E. Donohue of the Mechanical Transport Committee suggested to Roberts that a single tractor unit might be fitted with a gun and bulletproof shields, thus creating, if not a tank, at least a sort of self-propelled gun. Roberts, by now becoming disillusioned, did not pursue the idea and later expressed regret at not having done so. A further trial took place in North Wales. After contests between the No. 3 machine and horse teams, artillery officers gave a less favourable opinion of the tractor, observing that it was underpowered. An attempt was made to remedy the problem by converting it to run on petrol, a move that increased the Brake Horse Power to 105. Great Britain had missed the opportunity to establish a lead in tracked vehicle technology and, perhaps, produce the world's first practical Tank. When the First World War broke out, Britain had to purchase caterpillar tractors from Holt to tow the Army's heavy guns, and the designers of the Tank had to start from scratch, basing their ideas on imported American machines. Roberts's chain-track played no direct part in the development of the Tank, although Lt-Col. R.E.B. Crompton, who later had an important role in its creation, had been present at some of the early trials and was influenced to some extent by the Hornsby. In the event, the first British Tanks had no sprung suspension, and the track plates were an improved version of those of another American vehicle, the Bullock tractor. Central to British Tank development was William Foster & Co., agricultural machinery manufacturers, based at Lincoln, only about 25 miles from Hornsby's. Trials featuring the Hornsby Tractor and the Rochet-Schneider were the subject of a film that was used in an attempt to promote sales and also shown in cinemas. Although cinema advertisements had been produced since the late 1890s, this is believed to be the first promotional film of appreciable length. There was also a screening in the presence of senior British officers and foreign military attachés. A number of Hornsby-built Science Museum's store at Wroughton, with another example no. 7297 at the Museum of Lincolnshire Life, Lincoln.