Hi, I would like an administrator to look into possible violations of BillDeanCarter and Bill Monahan Writing's Debate. I'm not sure if either necessarily violated the canvassing policy, but I think its important that Admins be made aware of it. Haemo, it'd be better to let it go. But I also think it's important to let other editors know that he has a history of Ad-hominem attacks The event was insigated by Batman2005 when he posted on my discussion board that "I don't expect you to be able to maintain a civil or constructive discussion on the issue, but as a courtesy...I wanted to mention that such a discussion has been started." His first message on the board then included "..yet if those were added Drsmoo would delete them immediately and claim I was pushing my pov. I have pushed NO pov in my edits...I have merely acted to eliminate the pov from the existing article. I highly doubt that Drsmoo will engage in any legitimate or constructive discussion here, so perhaps others will have opinions as we work towards a consensus and not just Drsmoo's way or the highway." which was wrong as I was pushing more towards removing POV than anyone else, he continued with comments such as... "But, you're probably totally unwilling to look at anything Adu related objectively" "And no, I didn't insult you...apparently I was exactly right. You've proven yourself both unable to hold a civil discussion and/or accept anothers viewpoint. There is overwhelming support here for my viewpoint that saying that he is widely regarded as anything is pov. Why can't you just admit you were wrong and get over yourself?" "Shouldn't you be off pushing your pov on other pages and being proven wrong over and over again like you were here?" "I fail to see Drsmoo, perhaps you can let me borrow the rose-colored glasses you wear." There was absolutely no reason other than blatant and causeless hostility to be insulting. My response is already posted on the Talk page for the template. I don't know that I expected anything at all from this A/MFD, but I can't say I expected it to end this way, especially with such vage explanation.  Was this a proper use of administrative tools?  And, either way, what course of action should be undertaken to allow  examination of the arguments for and against deleting this material? I have asked him to discuss at first, but he deleted my petition without edit summary, which is forbidden per se.[] It's more accurate to view Requestion not as the source of workforall's problems but rather the most visible editor in the Wikipedia community's efforts to deal with the workforall problem. I have emailed wikipedia about this, i can provide a copy of the orginal site it was copied from, if you look at the history of teh page, you will see the orginal article was cut down because it was written as an advertisment, it was written like that because on a website you try to sell the company. After reading your comments, I would once again, love to add that the website they currently have displayed is NOT my work, I have more talant than that. BTW, i have a new IP address, some loser put a block on my old one. He actually caused me 4 extra clicks to get a new IP. I'm still here for discussion though