A prominent aspect of the Bleacher Creatures is their use of chants and songs. The most distinguished of these is the Roll Call, which is done at the beginning of every home game. Often, the opposing team's right fielder, who stands right in front of the Creatures, is a victim of their jeers and insults. For the last two decades, the Creatures occupied sections 39 and 37 of the original Yankee Stadium's bleachers. In 2009, they were relocated and currently sit in Section 203 of the right-field bleachers in the Yankees' new stadium. The Yankees and the NYPD personnel started to impose stricter anti-obscenity rules in the Bleachers during the 2007 season. Some Creatures expressed dissatisfaction with this by wearing T-shirts with the sarcastic phrase "Section 39 Fun Police" on them, and chanting "No fun allowed!" in place of the oft-said "Box Seats Suck!" chant that the section had long been accustomed to. In , when Texas Rangers. The Creatures also call out in memoriam, such as calling out former Yankee shortstop and longtime broadcaster Phil Rizzuto's name during the roll call on August 14, 2007, the day Rizzuto died.  They did the same for Bobby Murcer at the 2008 MLB All Star Game. At the 2002 Yankees home opener, former Yankee Paul O'Neill revealed that he had sat with the Creatures during the game the day before. O'Neill said he wore a Yankees jacket, glasses and a hat, and that no one recognized him. Jim Leyritz expressed interest in sitting with the creatures on an episode of the YES Network show Ultimate Road Trip. He was spotted in the bleachers taking pictures during the final game at Yankee Stadium, but it is unknown whether he actually sat and watched the game from the bleachers. Former Yankee third baseman Scott Brosius was notorious for not responding immediately to the roll call, as other players on the diamond would. Sometimes he would even wait as long as a minute to respond, getting a kick out of the persistence of the Creatures. In Hideki Matsui's first game at the Stadium in , the chant of "MAT-SU-I" went on for approximately two minutes, because he did not know what was going on or how to react. Occasionally they will hurl several insults at the opposing team's right fielder throughout the game, and sometimes at the other outfielders as well. In 2001, some Creatures learned Japanese so that they could yell obscenities at Seattle Mariners right fielder Ichiro Suzuki. To this day, Japanese curses are chanted when Ichiro comes to town.