The Spanish-Portuguese War between 1776-1777 was fought over the border between Spanish and Portuguese South America. Colonia del Sacramento was returned to Portugal in the Treaty of Paris, but  Santa Tecla, San Miguel, Santa Teresa and Rio Grande de São Pedro remained in Spanish hands, much to the frustration of the Portuguese. They started assembling troops and harassing the Spanish as early as 1767. Over the years the Portuguese built up an army of 6,000 men, considerably more than the 1,450 Spanish troops in the area. The matter escalated in February 1776 when two Portuguese fleets under Robert MacDouall and Jorge Hardcastle landed troops near the fortress of Rio Grande de São Pedro, and started shelling the place. A Spanish fleet under D. Francisco Javier Morales came to their help with a naval battle as result. After 3 hours of battle the Spanish had 16 killed and 24 wounded, and the Portuguese probably less. After this sea-battle, Portuguese land forces pushed forward and the Spanish commander  Juan José de Vértiz y Salcedo was forced to withdraw and give up the entire Rio Grande area. There they encountered the Portuguese fleet of Robert MacDouall, which was much smaller and managed to escape. Cevallos decided to attack the island of Santa Catarina on February 23. When the Portuguese saw the formidable Spanish fleet disembark their troops, the garrison fled to the mainland without firing a shot. On March 20, Cevallos sailed towards his second target, Rio Grande de São Pedro, but the fleet was dispersed by a storm and had to return to Montevideo. There he split up his forces. He sailed himself with all the artillery to Colonia de Sacramento, where he started the siege on May 23. The city capitulated on June 3. The rest of the fleet was send to check the fleet of MacDouall, which was still a menace to be counted with. In fact this fleet surprised and captured the lone San Agustín , and renamed the ship Santo Agostinho. The new captain, who also played an important role in capturing the ship was an Englishman in Portuguese service, Arthur Phillip who later founded the city of Sydney.    After the capture of Sacramento, Cevallos marched his troops towards Rio Grande de São Pedro, joined forces with the troops of Juan José Vertiz which were concentrated in Santa Teresa . Then he was ordered to stop his advance, as peace negotiations were started. Spain returns the island of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande de São Pedro to Portugal, but keeps the Colonia del Sacramento, the Banda Oriental, and the Misiones Orientales.