The D&D Championship Series is a yearly adventure, with higher ranking teams advancing to later rounds.  Eventually a single winning team is selected based on scores. The championship is handled by the RPGA, a fan organization part of Wizards of the Coast. The judges are all sanctioned RPGA Dungeon Masters. Prior to the competition, the RPGA creates the adventure. Since 2008, the championship uses the 4th edition Dungeons & Dragons rules. The Championship is a multi-round event.  Pre-generated player characters are provided to the players.  The many Dungeon Masters are provided with the same adventure to run.  The adventure is divided into three parts, one for each round.  Each round is about four hours long.  All teams compete in the first round, which also constitutes the first part of the adventure.  Teams are scored after each round.  The scoring system emphasizes successful progress through the adventure.  The exact scoring system is kept secret as the scoring may reveal secrets to be discovered in the adventure, as well as to encourage players to play to the spirit of the game, not to the exact scoring checklist.  The highest ranked teams are invited into the later rounds.  The teams in the final round are scored and ranked to determine the winning team. Once the Prelims are over, judges select around 60 teams to participate in the semifinals, held on Saturday. The scoring criteria for this competition are really vague and obscure. Even the Dungeon Masters are not certain of the exact method of scoring. This system of scoring has created a situation in which players mostly do not know why they win, or why they lose. What is known so far is that the death of player characters is not desirable, completing encounters grants extra points, and using Healing surges might have an impact in the final scoring. Also, it is not known if the score from the prelims carry forward to the semis and finals. The semis follow the same structure as the Prelims, with the exception of having fewer teams present. The teams still have to complete the module within 4 hours. Usually, there is always a trick to getting ahead of the others during the semis. It contains at least one encounter that has a less obvious way of completing it that is always easier than the most obvious one. Once the semi-finals are completed on Saturday night, the judges compiles the results and post the 12 advancing teams on Sunday morning, barely one hour before the final. The final is the hardest part of the open, involving the most difficult encounters. It is not surprising to see monsters up to 5 levels higher than the players. During the 2008 finals, the players were level 11, while the final boss, The Rakasha Emperor, was close to a level 16 Solo Elite Controller, with above 600 Hit points. As the previous rounds, the final are 4 hours long, with only 12 teams reaching this part of the championship. Three Fifth Canadian had run a poor semi-finals, making its way to the finals as an alternate team.  Three Fifth Canadian were ranked 14th after the semi-final. Two teams out of the top 12 didn't show up to the final event, leaving an opening for the team to participate. The victory of Three Fifth Canadian puzzled many, and mostly ruled out the idea that the scores in the prelims and semis are counted towards the final score. As its name implies, the members of the winning were mostly Canadian. The team plans on defending their title in 2009.