'''奇幻science fiction film）以及horror film）劃為同一類型。 For example, much about the ''Science Fantasy to describe such hybrids of the two genres. Animated films featuring fantastic elements are not always classified as fantasy, particularly when they are intended for children.  Bambi, for example, is not fantasy, nor is 1995's Toy Story, though the latter is probably closer to fantasy than the former.  The Secret of NIMH from 1982, however, may be considered to be a fantasy film because there is actual magic involved. Other children's movies, such as Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are also difficult to categorize.  Snow White'' features a medieval setting, dwarven characters, the use of sorcery, and other tropes common to fantasy.  Yet many fans of the genre do not believe such movies qualify as fantasy, placing them in instead in a separate fairy tale genre. Films that rely on magic primarily as a gimmick, such the 1976 film Freaky Friday and its 2003 re-make in which a mother and daughter magically switch bodies, may technically qualify as fantasy but are nevertheless not generally considered part of the genre. The most common fantasy subgenres depicted in movies are Sword and Sorcery.  Both categories typically employ quasi-medieval settings, wizards, magical creatures and other elements commonly associated with fantasy stories. High Fantasy films tend to feature a more richly developed fantasy world, and may also be more character-oriented or thematically complex.  Often, they feature a hero of humble origins and a clear distinction between good and evil set against each other in an epic struggle.  Many scholars cite film adaptation of the books is a good example of the High Fantasy subgenre on the silver screen. The 1982 film adaptation of Sword and Sandal rather than Sword and Sorcery, although others would maintain that the Sword and Sandal label should be reserved only for the subset of fantasy films set in ancient times on the planet Earth, and still others would broaden the term to encompass films that have no fantastic elements whatsoever.  To some, the term Sword and Sandal has pejorative connotations, designating a film with a low-quality script, bad acting and poor production values. Another important sub-genre of fantasy films that has become more popular in recent years is Contemporary Fantasy.  Such films feature magical effects or supernatural occurrences happening in the "real" world of today. The most prominent example in the early 21st century is the Harry Potter series of films adapted from the novels of J. K. Rowling. As noted above, superhero movies and fairy tale films might each be considered subgenres of fantasy films, although most would classify them as altogether separate movie genres.