Динамото е първият електромагнетизма, за да преобразува механичното въртене в променлив електрически ток. Първото динамо основаващо се на Фарадеевите принципи е построено през 1832 от Хиполит Пиксии, френски производител на инструменти. То използвало постоянен магнит, въртян от манивела, въртящият магнит е така разположен, че неговият северен и южен полюси да минават до парче желязо обвито с проводник. Пиксии открива, че въртящият се магнит произвежда токов импулс в проводника, всеки път когато полюс минава покрай намотката. Още повече южният и северният полюси на магнита индуктират токове с противоположни посоки. Чрез прибавяне на комутатор, Пиксии е в състояние да преобразува променливия ток в постоянен.. The word still has some regional usage as a replacement for the word generator. In the UK British-English dialect, a small electrical generator built into the hub of a bicycle wheel to power lights is called a Hub dynamo. The commutator was needed to produce direct current.  In the early days of electric experimentation, batteries.  Dynamos were invented as a replacement for batteries.  However, when a loop of wire rotates in a magnetic field, the potential induced in it reverses with each half turn, generating an alternating current.  The commutator is a set of contacts mounted on the machine's shaft, which reverses the connection of the windings to the external circuit when the potential reverses, so instead of alternating current, a pulsing direct current is produced. The first dynamo based on Faraday's principles was built in commutator, Pixii was able to convert the alternating current to direct current. Unlike the Faraday disc, many turns of wire connected in series can be used in the windings of a dynamo. This allows the terminal voltage of the machine to be higher than a disc can produce, so that electrical energy can be delivered at a convenient and inexpensive high voltage. The very low voltages of the Faraday disc require large amperages to provide power, and as amperage increases the mass of the current-carrying conductors must also increase. Since power is equal to the product of current and voltage, the high voltage of the dynamo could generate equivelant amounts of power with much lower amperage, reducing need for large and expensive electrical conductors. In 1827, Hungarian Siemens and Wheatstone. In essence the concept is that instead of permanent magnets, two electromagnets opposite to each other induce the magnetic field around the rotor. Zénobe Gramme reinvented this design a few years later when designing the first commercial power plants, which operated in Paris in the 1870s. His design is now known as the Gramme dynamo. Further improvements were made on the Gramme Ring, but the basic concept of a spinning endless loop of wire remains at the heart of all modern dynamos. While not originally designed for the purpose, the dynamo was accidentally found to act as an electric motor when a freely spinning dynamo is attached to batteries or another spinning dynamo. Such situations became common as the need for larger and continuous amounts of power required multiple dynamos to be connected together in parallel for power transmission. Large dynamos producing direct current were problematic in situations where two or more dynamos are working together and one has an engine running at a lower power than the other. The dynamo with the stronger engine will tend to drive the weaker as if it were a motor, against the rotation of the weaker engine. Such reverse-driving could feed back into the driving engine of a dynamo and cause a dangerous out of control reverse-spinning condition in the lower-power dynamo. It was eventually determined that when several dynamos all feed the same power source all the dynamos must be locked into synchrony using a jackshaft interconnecting all engines and rotors to counter these imbalances. After the discovery of the AC Generator and that alternating current can in fact be useful for something, the word dynamo became associated exclusively with the commutated DC electric generator, while an AC electrical generator using either slip rings or rotor magnets would become known as an alternator. An AC electric motor using either slip rings or rotor magnets was referred to as a synchronous motor, and a commutated DC electric motor could be called either an electric motor though with the understanding that it could in priciple operate as a generator. After dynamos were found to allow easy conversion back and forth between mechanical or electrical power, the new discovery was used to develop complex multi-field single-rotor devices with two or more commutators, with this known as a rotary converter. These special devices are usually never attached to an external mechanical load, but instead just spends all day spinning on its own. The rotary converter can internally and directly convert any power source into any other, whether direct current into alternating current, 25 cycle AC into 60 cycle AC, or multiple different output currents at the same time. The size and mass of these was very large so that the rotor would act as a flywheel to help smooth out any sudden surges or dropouts. The technology of rotary converters would go unsurpassed until the later development of vacuum tubes allowed purely electronic oscillators to be designed, without the need for a physically spinning rotor and commutators.