'''Military conflict in the Battle of Tordesillas in December 1520 would prove a major setback for the rebels, and the most important army of the comuneros was destroyed at the Battle of Villalar in April 1521. This article is arranged geographically, and then chronologically within each region.  The royalists tended to maintain the same commanders and armies in each area, with the one major exception of when the Constable of Castile moved out of Burgos to unite with the Admiral and crush the Comuneros at Villalar.  The Comuneros leaders switched between regions somewhat more, especially Bishop Acuña, but still maintained regional militias ultimately. However, the lack of noble support meant that cavalry were difficult to find.  Additionally, the city dwellers the comuneros recruited often lacked much appreciation for the peasantry, and for some actively looked down upon them.  The countryside was initially strongly pro-comunero, but the ravages of the comunero army would eventually cost them some support. The comunero army also struggled from factionalism from within, and the lack of a clear commander-in-chief.  Each militia was generally loyal to its home city first, and only marched with a main comunero army given permission.  When Pedro Girón was appointed commander of the army by the Santa Junta, they made it clear that he would only directly control forces recruited by himself and the small army loyal to the Junta.  Juan de Padilla withdrew his Toledo militia in protest of losing the appointment.  When Padilla later came to take the position, he had better luck in convincing the various militias to follow him, but this was more due to his popularity than his authority. The need to constantly search out new towns and manors to sack and pillage also made slower or defensive strategies difficult for the comuneros to implement.  Whenever the army defended one place and retrenched, some militias would often separate and return home.  This would require new recruitment to make up the loss, and thus the army was less experienced than it could have been. The royalist cause's most important allies were the landed nobility, many of whom threw their allegiance behind King Charles after seeing the comuneros support peasant rebellions against them.  They offered a powerful combination of militarily experienced commanders, disciplined troops, and expensive horse cavalry.  However, they were also unreliable.  Many nobles' first goal was to protect their own lands, and crushing the rebellion but losing their own holdings would be a loss.  As such, the Regents often had difficulty rallying the noble forces to make a combined army.  After the victory at Toredesillas, for example, many royal guards were dismissed due to lack of funds to pay them, and many noble-controlled armies returned to their home areas, greatly endangering the defense of Tordesillas and preventing any new offense. After the burning of Medina del Campo, the royalist cause had to struggle with negative perceptions from the populace.  As such, the royalists took considerably greater precautions than the comuneros to avoid enraging the countryside.  For most battles, the royalist troops were forbidden from looting captured cities for income.  This caused considerable dissatisfaction among the ranks and exacerbated the problem of the low pay for the soldiers, but also saved the royalist cause from even further distaste from the populace.  The commanders of the royal army were also brave enough to dismiss unnecessary additional troops.  Untrained peasant levies were unlikely to be very effective on the battlefield, but would be additional bellies to feed and could easily offend the countryside with undisciplined looting. Loyalty was an additional concern that the royalist cause faced.  New recruits from the cities of the Meseta were unlikely to be terribly loyal, and might even leak information.  As a result, the royalist armies generally used poor Galicians from the North for additional troops. After the triumph in Tordesillas, Cardinal Adrian had to face the continuing paucity of funds in the royal coffers and the fickleness of his noble allies.  Many nobles returned with their armies to their domains to guard them against the continuing peasant revolts that were breaking out.  The treasury situation had deteriorated to the point that some soldiers had to be released for lack of funds to pay them.  As a result, Adrian, the Count of Haro, and the Admiral were able to do little but fortify their holdings, and not attempt any further advances.