Kerajaan Chola mencapai kemuncak kuasa mereka pada abad-abad kesepuluh, kesebelas dan keduabelas. Di bawah Ganga dan menewaskan pemerintah Pala Nusantara Melayu. Kuasa Chola merosot kira-kira pada abad ke-14 dengan kebangkitan Pandyas dan Hoysala. Kerajaan Chola telah meninggalkan suatu pusaka yang abadi. Naungan mereka pada Kesusasteraan Tamil dan semangat meraka dengan pembinaan kuil telah menghasilkan kerja-kerja hebat pada kesusasteraan dan seni bina Tamil. Raja-raja Chola pembina yang bergemaran dan membayangkan kuil-kuil di kerejaan-kerajaan mereka bukan hanya sebagai tempat beribadah malah juga pusat aktiviti perekonomian. Mereka meneroka suatu bentuk berpusat kerajaan dan menubuhkan birokrasi berdisiplin. Throughout this period, the Cholas were constantly troubled by the ever-resilient Sinhalas, who attempted to overthrow the Chola occupation of Lanka, Pandya princes who tried to win independence for their traditional territories, and by the growing ambitions of the Chalukyas in the western Deccan. This period saw constant warfare between the Cholas and these antagonists. A balance of power existed between the Chalukyas and the Cholas, and there was a tacit acceptance of the Tungabhadra river as the boundary between the two empires. However, the bone of contention between these two powers was the growing Chola influence in the Vengi kingdom. Perikatan perkahwinan dan politik diantara raja-raja Rajaraja following his invasion of Vengi. Rajaraja Chola's daughter married prince Vimaladitya. Rajendra Chola's daughter was also married to an Eastern Chalukya prince Rajaraja Narendra. Anak lelaki Virarajendra Chola, Athirajendra Chola telah dibunuh dalam rusuhan umum pada 1070 CE dan Kulothunga Chola I menaiki takhta Chola dengan itu memulakan dinasti Chalukya Cholas. Kulothunga merupakan anak lelaki raja Vengi - Rajaraja Narendra. Cholas, di bawah Rajendra Chola III, mengalami pergolakan yang berterusan. Pada penghujung abad ke-12 CE, pengaruh Hoysalas yang semakin meningkat menggantikan Chalukyas yang semakin merosot sebagai kuasa utama di utara. The local feudatories were also becoming sufficiently confident to challenge the central Chola authority. One feudatory, the Kadava chieftain Kopperunchinga I, even held the Chola king as hostage for sometime. The Cholas were exposed to assaults from within and without. The Pandyas in the south had risen to the rank of a great power. The Hoysalas in the west threatened the existence of the Chola empire. Rajendra tried to survive by aligning with the two powers in turn. At the close of Rajendra’s reign, the Pandyan Empire was at the height of prosperity and had taken the place of the Chola empire in the eyes of the foreign observers. The last recorded date of Rajendra III is 1279 C.E. There is no evidence that Rajendra was followed immediately by another Chola prince. The Chola empire was completely overshadowed by the Pandyan empire, though many small chieftains continued to claim the title "Chola" well into fifteenth century C.E. Bandar-bandar terpenting yang lain adalah Kudanthai. Selepas Chalukya Chola sering memindah negara mereka dan membuat bandaraya-bendaraya seperti Chidambaram, Madurai dan Kanchipuram ibu negara wilayah-wilayahnya. Kehidupan kembali agama Hindu dari nadirnya sewaktu Kamban untuk for karya agungnya Ramavatharam. Karya agung Jayamkondar  Kalingattuparani adalah satu contoh sajak naratif yang melukiskan sebuah sempadan jelas di antara sejarah dan konvensyen dongeng. Ini menjelaskan peristiwa-peristiwa sewaktu perang Kulothunga Chola I di Kalinga dan menggambarkan tidak hanya kebesaran dan akibat perang, tetapi perincian medan yang menggerunkan. Penyajak Tamil masyhur   Ottakuttan adalah sebuah kontemporari Kulothunga Chola I. Ottakuttan menuliskan Kulothunga Solan Ula sebuah sajak memuji-muhi kebaikan raja Chola. Dia berkhidmat di halaman istana ketiga-tiga pewarisnya. Sejarah wangsa Chola telah menjadi mengilhamkan banyak para pengarang Tamil untuk menghasilkan perekaan berkesusasteraan dan berseni sewaktu beberapa dekad akhirnya. Karya-karya kesusasteraan masyhur telah menolong menyambungkan kenangan Chola besar pada minda Sundara Chola. Buku ini telah dikeluarkan dalam majalah  Kalki sewaktu pertengan 1950an. Permajalahan ini tahan selama hampir lima tahun dan setiap minggu penerbitannya telah dinanti-natikan dengan keminatan yang besar. Kalki mungkin laid the foundations for this novel in his earlier historical romance Parthiban Kanavu, which deals with the fortunes of an imaginary Chola prince Vikraman who was supposed to have lived as a feudatory of the Pallava king Narasimhavarman I during the seventh century CE. The period of the story lies within the interregnum during which the Cholas were in eclipse before Vijayalaya Chola revived their fortune. Parthiban Kanavu was also serialised in the Kalki weekly during the early 1950s. Sandilyan, another popular Tamil novelist, wrote Kadal Pura in the 1960s. It was serialised in the Tamil weekly Kumudam. Kadal Pura is set during the period when Kulothunga Chola I was in exile from the Vengi kingdom, after he was denied the throne that was rightfully his. Kadal Pura speculates the whereabouts of Kulothunga during this period. Sandilyan's earlier work Yavana Rani written in the early 1960s is based on the life of Karikala Chola. More recently, Balakumaran wrote the opus Udaiyar based on the event surrounding Rajaraja Chola's construction of the Brihadisvara Temple in Thanjavur. There were stage productions based on the life of Rajaraja Chola during the 1950s and in 1973, Shivaji Ganesan acted in a screen adaptation of this play.