PTT is arguably the largest BBS in the world with more than 1.5 million registered users. During peak hours, there are over 150,000 users online. It has over 200,000 boards with a multitude of topics, and more than 40,000 articles and 1 million comments are posted every day. Since 2000, Ptt has become the largest online forum in Taiwan due to its increasing number of users. Topics of various issues are enthusiastically discussed on Ptt, even to a profound extent generating social impacts in reality. The newspaper and television media started to report on Ptt, with journalists assigned to monitor Ptt for the latest updates. Ptt is an open source project. The source code is released under GPL 2.0. Although Ptt is a club and the most famous BBS site in Taiwan, it is not the official BBS site for NTU. The machines and other hardware used to set up Ptt was obtained by the administrators without the help of the university, and hence it operates with a high level of freedom. However, it still operates on the NTU network, and hence must abide to its rules and regulations. Ptt runs under Linux, while Ptt2 runs under FreeBSD 4.11. The BBS system used by Ptt, Ptt2, Ptt3 is called Open Ptt, and is under the GPL. 批踢踢自從增設虛擬貨幣功能後沒多久就設計了賭盤系統。起初是全站只有一個，後來更改為各板皆可各自設立賭盤，由板主設定下注的題目及選項，開放以虛擬的批踢踢幣下注。 --> 小天使為一群自願的資深使用者，經大天使評選選出，負責回答站上使用者關於ptt的使用問題，有一定的任期。對使用者來說，小天使處於匿名狀態，呼叫時只會顯示「小天使」而不會看到ID，而小天使則是能看到使用者的ID。相較於生冷的使用說明文件，小天使這種形式的「線上真人說明」能帶領新使用者更快進入Ptt的世界。這項功能最早在2004年5月17日發表開始測試公告。於2004年5月24日開始運作。每月的29日為小天使節，使用者可在這一天對小天使表示感謝。 --> 這些網路用語部分流於粗俗、戲謔，引起民眾擔心。但也有人認為這種網路封閉文化別影響使用者日常生活與真實人際關係即可，不用過度緊張。 --> Some of the popular lingo used by PTT users are vulgar, which has caused public concern, while others believe that as long as this behavior is contained online and does not affect the users real-life behavior that this is nothing to be concerned about. As the name suggests, his motto in life is living beyond the limit. While still a human being, he enthusiastically ate his own semen. For more than 10 years, he ate 20~30 c.c. of semen from himself each day. One day on approximately 278 B.C., in front of a crowd, he flew away with only a bottle of semen, smiling. No one has ever seen him since. A nice old guy with a barrel of gas, and BOOOM! That is the typical image of boyo in people's thought.He is very nice, except when he bombs you out with gas. Fortunately, he bombs only bad guys, and always down to earth with friends. One day in a historic explode event, he bombed over 20,000 gas cylinder at a same time, and died together with over 40,000 evil enemy troops. The great sacrifice turned the whole war around, and eventually saved millions of people from cruel reign. But now, after more than 1800 years of his death, many claim that they saw boyo. He is still caring a gas cylinder, moving to the next bad guy.