The dam was completed in November of 1975 and no seepage was noted on the dam itself before the date of the collapse. However, on June 3, 1976 workers found two small springs had opened up downstream. The Panel had quickly identified piping as the most probable cause of the failure, then focused its efforts on determining how the piping started.   Two mechanisms were possible.  The first was the flow of water under highly erodible and unprotected fill, through joints in unsealed rock beneath the grout cap, and development of an erosion tunnel.  The second was “cracking caused by differential strains or hydraulic fracturing of the core material.”  The Panel was unable to determine whether one or the other mechanism occurred, or a combination. “The fundamental cause of failure may be regarded as a combination of geological factors and design decisions that, taken together, permitted the failure to develop.” One estimate placed damage to Hibbard and Rexburg area, with a population of about 10,000, at 80 percent of existing structures. The Snake River flows through the industrial, commercial and residential districts of north Rexburg. A significant reason for the massive damage in the community was the location of a large commercial lumber yard directly upstream. When the flood waters hit, thousands of board feet of timber snapped from their moorings, caught fire from leaking gas, and were swept downstream. The force of the logs and cut lumber, and the subsequent fires, practically destroyed the city. The force of the Teton dam failure destroyed the lower part of the Teton River, washing away riparian zones and reducing the canyon walls.  This seriously damaged the stream ecology, and the native cutthroat trout population has been endangered.  The force of the water and excessive sediment also damaged stream habitat in the Snake River and some tributaries, at least as far downstream as Fort Hall, Idaho. After the dam's collapse, debris clean up began immediately and took the rest of the summer.  Rebuilding of damaged property continued for several years.  Within a week after the disaster, President Gerald Ford requested a $200 million appropriation for initial payments for damages, without assigning responsibility for Teton Dam’s failure. The Bureau of Reclamation set up claims offices in Rexburg, Idaho Falls, and Blackfoot. By January 4, 1977, disaster victims filed over 4,800 claims totalling $194 million. By that date, the Federal government paid 3,813 of those claims, $93.5 million.  Originally scheduled to end in July 1978, the Claims Program continued into the 1980s. At the end of the Claims Program in January 1987, the Federal government had paid 7,563 claims for a total amount of $322 million.