Wilhelm, a file clerk, falls in love with a huntsman's daughter. In order to marry, Wilhelm must prove his worth as a hunter and gain her father's approval, but, as "a man of pen and ink", his shot is lousy and his hopes of marriage worsen.  That is until he is offered magic bullets by the devil, Pegleg - who assures him that his bullets will always have a sure shot.  However, Pegleg stipulates that, while most of the bullets will hit anything Wilhelm pleases, one of the bullets is under Pegleg's control.  Foolish, naive, and overrun with desperate hope, Wilhelm accepts the Faustian pact. On the day of Wilhelm's wedding, the final bullet strikes his beloved dead.  He then goes mad, and joins the previous victims of Satan's cunning in the Devil's carnival. The music was composed and performed by Tom Waits, and released as a record in 1993. The band, The Magic Bullets, was headed by Bent Clausen, and featured the talents of David Coulter, Thomas Bloch, Terry Edwards, Caroline Hall, Jack Pinter Rory McFarlane and Kate St. John. The show opened in May 2004 at Londons Barbican Arts Centre, and then transferred to San Francisco's American Conservatory Theater later that year. In early 2005, the production headlined the Sydney Festival. However, due to ill health, Marianne Faithfull was forced to withdraw from the production and understudy Nigel Richards filled the part. In 2006, Los Angeles' Ahmanson Theatre re-staged the production, bringing the cast together for one final time. Several members of the original cast were unavailable, most notably Marianne Faithfull, whose role was filled by Vance Avery. The cast was also joined by John Vickery. November Theatre's production went onto tour Canada in 2004-2005 with presentations at Theatre Network in Edmonton, Ground Zero Theatre and the Calgary Opera, Persephone Theatre in Saskatoon, Yukon Arts Centre in Whitehorse, Intrepid Theatre in Victoria and the PuSh Festival in Vancouver.  The production went onto win 6 Elizabeth Sterling Haynes Awards in Edmonton and 6 Betty Mitchell Awards in Calgary including "Best Production" and "Best Direction" in both major centres. In 2006 the production was presented at the Magnetic North Theatre Festival in St. John's Newfoundland. The production was remounted in Vancouver in January 2008 at the Arts Club Theatre, Granville Island stage, co-presented as part of the annual PuSh Festival. November Theatre produced its final showing at the Tarragon Theatre in Toronto in the fall of 2008. The play was staged in the Hungarian National Theater during the Budapest Spring Festival in 2009.