Operation FRICTION was a Canadian Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm. Canada suffered no casualties during the conflict but since its end many veterans have complained of suffering from Gulf War syndrome. Operation FRICTION initially saw MARCOM order the destroyers  and  to assist with enforcing the United Nations trade blockade against Iraq.  The supply ship  was deployed with the destroyers to provide underway replenishment as well as command/control and at-sea medical services to the small task force which operated in the Persian Gulf, Straits of Hormuz and Gulf of Oman. Following UN authorization of military force to remove Iraq from occupied territory in AIRCOM deployed two Force Mobile Command also sent a large field hospital to Qatar to deal with casualties from the expected ground war. During the Gulf War, Canada's CF-18 squadrons were integrated with Coalition air resources and provided combat air patrols as well as being involved in attacks of ground and water targets.  This was the first time since the Korean War that the Canadian military had participated in offensive combat operations. Operation FRICTION saw approximately 4,500 CF personnel deployed to the Persian Gulf from August 1990-February 1991 with a peak deployment of 2,700 personnel during the Gulf War in January 1991. The headquarters of the Canadian Forces in the Middle East was a joint headquarters established on November 6, 1990, and commanded by Commodore Kenneth J. Summers. It included a communications unit and various joint military staffs. Before the war began on January 16, 1991, Canada’s naval forces patrolled the central Persian Gulf. When hostilities commenced, Captain Duncan "Dusty" Miller, Commander of the Canadian Naval Task Group, became the multinational co-ordinator for a large naval combat logistics area established in the southern Persian Gulf. HMCS Terra Nova and HMCS Athabaskan escorted the United States hospital ships, USHS Comfort and USHS Mercy, the latter with CF medical staff on board. HMCS Protecteur, an auxiliary oil replenishment ship, serviced all nations involved in naval operations within the Gulf. Five Sea King helicopters were also attached to the Naval Task Group, performing reconnaissance, utility, and command-and-liaison tasks. The CF provided combat air patrols in the north and central areas of the Persian Gulf. These patrols worked with the coalition air forces to protect coalition naval forces and land bases from Iraqi air attacks. As the conflict progressed, the Canadian Air Task Group took on other combat roles, such as sweep and escort for coalition bombing missions and later, air-to-ground bombing missions. Canadian airmen were credited for partially destroying an Iraqi patrol boat in the Persian Gulf, and completed 56 CF-18 bombing sorties against Iraqi forces. Canadian Forces in the Gulf were supported by Air Command’s Transport Group, providing personnel and cargo transport using a fleet of 27 CC-130 Hercules and five CC-137 Boeing 707, one of which was used in the Gulf as an air-to-air refueler for coalition air forces. The Transport Group also provided a CC-144 Challenger in a command-and-liaison role for the deployed Commander of the Canadian Forces.