أجبرت سارة على العمل في السيرك وكان يتم عرضها وهي عارية تماما، وكانت تجبر على القيام بعروض تظهر فيها كحيوان مفترس حيث أنها تؤمر الجلوس والوقوف، وكانت تحبس في قفص للحيوانات المفترسة وتجبر على الرقص لسجانيها. كان المفترض أن بارتمان تجني نصف الدخل الوارد من العروض التي تقدمها، لكن الحقيقة أنها لم تر منه إلا القليل. يبدو أن أول الأشخاص الذين ثاروا لقضيتها ثائر من جاميكا يدعى روبرت ويدربيرن. تاريخ ويدربيرن في الكفاح طويل، حيث تم اعتقاله عدة مرات لأنه طالب بحق العبيد في أن يثوروا ويقتلوا سيدهم الأبيض بلا محاكمة. هكذا وجد البريطانيون أنهم مضطرون لمنع ظهور سارة في السيرك بعد الضوضاء التي أثارها ويدربيرن. لكن المحكمة البريطانية احتجت بأن سارة مرتبطة بعقد مع دنلوب. يبدو أن التشريح الجسمي الغريب لسارة ألهم بعض "المبدعين" الفرنسيين، فتم تأليف مسرحية هزلية في الأوبرا الفرنسية الهزلية. تدعى هذه المسرحية فينوس الهوتنتوت أو "المكروهة للنساء الفرنسيات" Hottentot Venus or Hatred to French Women ، وهي عبارة عن خليط من الفلسفات العرقية والفنتازيا الجنسية التي شغلت المجتمع الأوروبي لفترة وقتها. يبدو أيضا أن سارة استغلت في ما هو أسوء بعد ذلك إذ أنها اشتغلت في الدعارة، كما يروى أنها أفرطت في الشراب علها تهرب من الذل والمهانة التي تتعرض لهما يوميا. "I've come to take you home - home, remember the veld? the lush green grass beneath the big oak trees the air is cool there and the sun does not burn. I have made your bed at the foot of the hill, your blankets are covered in buchu and mint, the proteas stand in yellow and white and the water in the stream chuckle sing-songs as it hobbles along over little stones. I have come to wrench you away - away from the poking eyes of the man-made monster who lives in the dark with his clutches of imperialism who dissects your body bit by bit who likens your soul to that of Satan and declares himself the ultimate god! I have come to soothe your heavy heart I offer my bosom to your weary soul I will cover your face with the palms of my hands I will run my lips over lines in your neck I will feast my eyes on the beauty of you and I will sing for you for I have come to bring you peace. I have come to take you home where the ancient mountains shout your name. I have made your bed at the foot of the hill, your blankets are covered in buchu and mint, the proteas stand in yellow and white - I have come to take you home where I will sing for you for you have brought me peace."