Igbobi College is a college established by the Methodist and Anglican Churches in 1932, in the Yaba suburb of Lagos, Lagos State, South-western Nigeria. It is still on its original site and most of the original buildings are intact. It is one of the oldest and most prestigious colleges in Nigeria, having produced many notable figures in the Nigerian professional and political scenery. The founding of Igbobi College in 1932 was a follow-up to the 1926 Education Code, which was itself an attempt to revise and improve upon Lugard’s Education Code of 1916. In the relative economic boom of the late 1929s, the government followed up the Education Code with the establishment of a number of colleges around Nigeria. In 1928, the Wesleyan Methodist Mission cooperated in founding one Teacher Training College for women in Ibadan called the United Missionary College. Its success led to the agreement to cooperate on another ventures, a secondary school for Boys in Lagos that would take account of the criticisms of existing secondary schools. The aim was stated simply as “to give a well-balanced secondary education to boys in an environment adequate for the purpose”. There was a growing demand in Lagos for improved secondary education as preparation for higher education and professional training. The objective of the CMS and Methodist  planners was to show that improved education could best be establish under ecumenical Christian influence  provided “an environment adequate for the purpose” could be located. This meant emphasizing residence for both pupils and teachers, and land spacious enough to cater for this, as well as providing fields for sport, craft, farm, etc. It was a novel concept for secondary education in Lagos. Hence the search for a  plot that used to be part of the kola plantations of the family of Madam Tinubu. It was from this that it derived its name, “Igbobi” College. One could sense the excitement of the founding fathers. They asked staff and student from the CMS Grammar School and Methodist Boys High School to volunteer and they carefully selected students for each class from Forms 2 to 6, and admitted a new set of students for Form 1. Thus the new school started with six classes in place. There were 55 boarders and 95 day students in all, averaging 25 in class, such that everyone, staff and student, knew every one else. The selection was based on academic merit, discipline and good behaviour. There were no discrimination on grounds of religion and it is noteworthy that some of the students came from prominent Lagos Muslim families, like Abinas, Elias and Fashola. The founders carefully selected a team a team of high powered teachers.  Revd. W. Waterton of the CMS Grammar School was made principal. Rev J. Allen Angus, principal of the MBHS was appointed as vice-principal, but had to take over as the principal three weeks later when Miss Waterston’s health necessitated a quick departure to Britain. Allen Angus remained principal for 12 years. He later became Education Secretary of the Christian Council of Nigeria and then the chairman of the Western District of the Methodist Church.  N.C. Porter was his vice-Principal. At the beginning, Igbobi College was truly the “School in the Bush”. There was the main block with classrooms, laboratories and Principal’s Office and store on the ground floor, and dormitories on the first floor. The principal’s house and other staff quarters were under construction. The nearest neighbour was the equally isolated Infectious Hospital. There was no Ikorodu Road at the time, no Orthopaedic Hospital, no Military Hospital. The Yaba High College was still to come, Yaba Bus Stop was the Terminal and part of the fun of being day students was walking or jogging in groups through the 2 kilometres of bush between the bus stop and the College, the Principal led the staff and students to lay out playing fields, orchards, lawns, roads and develop the compound to adequate environment the founders had in mind. Sports, games, crafts, debating and literary societies were all part of school life for every child. For day students, tuition fees included lunch and the day did not end till after games or sports and other extra-classroom activities. The School Assembly every week day, closing on Friday afternoons, collection of Self-Denial Fund in class for support of charitable activities from whatever pocket money the boys had, discipline not only by the staff but also the prefects and senior boys, all contributed to environment in which the Igbobi College tradition of high standard of liberal education combined with moral training was developed. The arrival at Kudeti in February 1943 after the ordeal of the transition was great relief. The three years at Kudeti was an important landmark in the development of the Igbobi tradition. The school became wholly boarding. As in the life of an individual, a period away from “home” was useful in defining the identity of the school as a community or institution independent of the specific locality at Igbobi. The Igbobi tradition is an attitude, a manner, spirit, a legend that develops from the past and is passed on in an enhanced manner. The generations who studied  under the principalship of Reginald Parker in the decade 1948-57 like to refer to it as the solidarity and competition, with the value of playing the game outweighing those of winning the game. It is not clear when boaster hats with Igbobi College colours of blue and gold were imported, but they were not introduced, and blazers were rare. Reginald Parker was an Anglican clergyman, a life bachelor and professional public school adapted to the Nigerian environment. The post World War II economic boom, decolonization, and the clamour for the best in British education provided the right setting for this work. Parker broadened the school Pembroke College, Oxford. The standard of Music was raised by the institution of the Swallowbeck Organ scholarship endowed by his friends in England, the Organ scholar being the college organist throughout his course, and being encouraged to follow a career in Music. Among the Swallowbeck scholars may be mentioned Dapo Falase who became the Provost of the college of Medicine, University of Ibadan and has been serving for an even longer period as Choirmaster and Organist of All Saints Church, Jericho, Ibadan. Other prizes instituted included the Major Allen Prize for “excellence of character”, with the entire school voting to determine the winner. The runner up got the Proxime Accesit. No wonder Igbobi College began to appear in Whittaker’s Almanac in the list of Public Schools. Mr. S. A. Babalola a graduate of Cambridge University, an old boy and first Nigeria Principal, was appointed in 1958 to succeed Reginald Parker. He had set the unbeatable record in the School Certificate of an alpha in each of the maximum 9 subjects he took in 1943.  He had been asked to stay on as a teacher before going to Cambridge on scholarship. It was appropriate that he should lead the school into the era of Nigerian independence until he resigned in 1961, later becoming a distinguished professor of Yoruba and National Merit Award Winner. He continued the tradition-building era of Igbobi. Parker began a period of expansion and began to mobilize old students as a force in the development of the school. The changes that were portended by national independence began to manifest themselves under the principalship of Mr. J. O. Olatunbosun who took office in 1963 after the awkward one-year stopgap under the Revd. S. Matabese, a South African. --- --- --- --- --- --- Independence ended the arrangements under which the colonial government cooperated with voluntary agencies in the development of education through the grants-in-aid system. Under that scheme, Igbobi College received grants which covered teachers salaries, some grants for capital development and equipment. The school was however autonomous under the effective management of the Board of Governors on which the CMS, the Methodist Mission, and the Ministry of Education were represented. By 1963, the new nationalist government had won the battle to take over control of schools so that they could prosecute their ambitious policies of Universal Primary Education, and making provision for the products of UPE at secondary level. Thus, independence ported the intrusion of politics into the administration of schools and an irresistible pressure for expansion even at the risk of devaluating existing standards. For Igbobi College, politics intruded not merely in terms of government wishing to exercise control, but also in a bewildering tussle as to which was the appropriate government. At Independence, Igbobi was under the Western Region. In 1965, it passed under Federal Government control. In 1967 when Lagos State was created, Igbobi lost the battle to remain under Federal control and it fell under the Lagos State Government. Without waiting for external pressure, the school admitted a second arm of Class I in 1961. in 1962, the government decreed that the policy of proving boarding facilities for all should be discarded and that a minimum of one third should be day students thus began the race of number. In December 1962, there were 284 students in the school, two arms of Form I & II, and one arm in the Form III to V. By 1976 when Olatunbosun retired, there were over 1,000 students, five arms in Forms I to V, and two each in the Lower and Upper Sixth Forms. The school had lost its autonomy. The Board of Governors had become virtually redundant in the administration of the school. The rules and regulations of the Ministry had eroded the authority of the Principal even in the maintenance of discipline. The Parents/Teachers’ Association and the Old Boys’ Association had constantly mobilized to come to the aid of the school and to constitute a lobby to discourage the worst excesses of government policies and regulations. However, the worst was yet to come. Some development was still possible. The Sixth Form was introduced in 1960, first in the Arts, then Science. The Old Boys replaced the old hall which was destroyed by fire with the Angus Memorial Hall. Technical drawing was introduced into the curriculum and Workshop Block for woodwork, metal work and technical drawing completed. With the Old Boys and other friends of the school giving support in various ways, the school tried to cope with the rapid expansion. With little planning, the Federal Military Government at the height of the oil boom, took control of elementary education and launched a Universal Primary Education throughout the country in 1976. In Lagos, this meant an avalanche of pupils with no schools, or even land on which to build schools. All kinds of gimmicks were resorted to, including three shifts, each of 4 hours a day in many schools. When the civilian regime took over in 1979, the Unity Party of Nigeria that won the election in Lagos had the policy of free secondary education. A school like Igbobi college, maintaining such high standards and school traditions appeared targeted for desecration. First, the government decreed that no school was to be allowed to retain boarders. The school’s Board of Governors, PTA and Old Students’ Associations petitioned to maintain the Boarding Houses at no cost to the government and to build classroom blocks equal in space to the Boarding Houses which the government wished to convert into extra classrooms. But the government was adamant. The boarders were disbanded. Government took over the boarding houses at Igbobi and converted them into offices for the Ministry of Education. Worse still, government considered the playing fields and well-trimmed, well-kept lawns as elitist and unnecessary luxury in the era of mass education. Without even bothering to lay them out properly, government proceeded to erect three new secondary schools and on primary school within the campus of Igbobi College. Officially, Igbobi College became Igbobi College I, and the others Igbobi College II, III, IV. The population of Igbobi College I itself rose rapidly to over 1,500, including girls drafted from some illegal schools that the government had closed down. There was no longer any attempt to carefully select, or to provide accommodation for staff, or to encourage continuity, let alone commitment, among the staff. Many old boys became despondent and the N5 Million Endowment Fund launched in 1979 yielded only N75,000. It required years of lobbying to allow what remained of Igbobi College to be fenced round. It was a matter for great rejoicing when the new mushroom schools on the campus ceased to be called Igbobi College and became Angus Memorial School, Igbobi High School, etc. The moral of the Igbobi College story is that resources alone cannot create a good academic institution. There could be no substitute for the exceptional abilities and education of the principals and teachers, and generations of students who built up the tradition of the school. Igbobi College has justified the wisdom and the vision of the founding fathers. Igbobi College was selective. It was not elitist in that it selected on academic merit, and not on the ability to pay higher fees. The missionary sponsors kept the fees down and provided scholarships. It was the excellence of the moral training within an “adequate environment” which made it a breeding ground for many great Nigerians who have served Nigeria and wider human society well. In her history, there has been in the College an immeasureable adequacy in terms of environment, standards, excellent, applied wisdom, determination, discipline, people, beauty, justice, fair play, the fear of God, vision, and belief in goals and ideals outside and beyond self. That Igbobi College survives says a lot for the strength of the traditions of the school and the support of the old students who testify daily to the value of the school in their lives, and are willing to make sacrifices to see it survive. They are rallying round and the ICOBA House project is receiving ever increasing support. Even the Lagos State Government seems to be relenting, and is now willing to consider the re-introduction of boarding facilities. But, without resident and committed staff, boarding facilities do not provide a guarantee of improved education. Nevertheless, the signs are that there may yet be a future for the Igbobi College that was known and loved by her students and alumni alike. Igbobi College along with her boarding facilities has since been returned to the missionaries by the Lagos State government.