Turbo Dogs is a Qubo and CBC television show. The show was based on the book Racer Dogs by Bob Kolar. The show started on October 3, 2008. Turbo Dogs has won the 2009 US iParenting Media Award for Best Product in the television category. "This new cartoon takes the creativity ingenuity of the movie CARS and uses dogs instead. For many kids, the combination couldn't be better. Turbo Dogs is a glossy, computer animated toon based on the book Racer Dogs, by Bob Kolar. The series is full of verve, humour and parent-friendly messages about helping your friends and being a good sport." Strut - A daschund, Strut makes up for his small size by making big plans, that sometimes backfire. He is the only one of the Turbo Dogs who regularly uses his car's special apparatus to give him an unfair advantage during the races, although it usually ends up with him spinning out or crashing. He is voiced by Joris Jarsky. Mags - Mags is one of the few female characters on the show. She is voiced by Stacey DePass in Season 1-2. She is responsible and cheerful, and often tends to be the voice of reason when things go awry. GT - GT is a bulldog and a natural inventor and mechanic. GT can fix just about any car and make an engine out of a leash and some empty dog food cans. He is voiced by Dan Petronijevic. Dash - Always the hero, Dash is a selfless, thoughtful Turbo Dog with a heart of a gold and a healthy spirit of competition. In one episode it was shown that inside Dash's house he has a room full of old racing antiques. He is voiced by Lyon Smith. Stinkbert - Stinkbert is a terrier who likes garbage. He is shown to be laid-back and really good at cooking. While he appears to be grey in color, the occasional "bath" has shown his actual fur-color to be white! He is voiced by Hadley Kay. Clutch - A good guy who means well, Clutch’s main problem is that he’s a bit of a klutz. Still, he can race with the best of them. He is voiced by Peter Cugno. Cam - A dog who's the announcer for every race. He is usually seen on the large display screen on the side of his personal airship that he flies above the racetrack during races. He is never without his microphone.  He is voiced by Terry McGurrin. Ump - A German Shepherd, Ump in Racerville Raceway's track official. He is the refree for every race, and enforces the track rules. He is voiced by Ron Pardo. Five- A Pizza Delivery Dog who is in charge in the Dog-Gone Pizzeria. Five gets his name from his "five minutes or less!" delivery policy. The Chicken- A Chicken who crosses the road to get to the other side. Marlene- An Afghan who runs the shop where the Turbo Dogs get their racing helmets and suits. Officer Gruffer- A pot-bellied retriever who is the local highway patrol officer. He possesses a particularly thunderous laugh. Fanner- A chubby, mop-topped young dog who is one half of "the Howler Brothers", the Turbo Dogs biggest fans. He wears a large, gold dog-tag around his neck. Zanner- A small terrier who, along with Fanner, is the other half of "the Howler Brothers". He wears racing gloves and sometimes a cape to emulate his idols, the Turbo Dogs. Rock Rally-A German Shepherd and Dash's idol, Rock is actually a movie-star who makes racing movies. Upon visiting the Turbo Dogs home-track to make a new film, Dash is pressed into service to double for him in the driving scenes.  Dash soon discovers that the reason for this is driving makes Rock "very nervous", and he doesn't do his own driving in his films. Auntie Ratchet-Dash's aunt. A bright, extremely cheerful little dog who lives in the country, Auntie Ratchet is an inventor and former racer with a surprising number of skills, which she demonstrates much go Dash's surprise. Wrenchini---Wrenchini is the local master mechanic and garage owner who obtains parts and occasionally works on/modifies the Turbo Dogs racing cars. He is idolized by GT.