The chief deity worshipped in this Math is Shri Samadhis of the previous GuruSwami's of the community. Daily Puja is carried out at the shrine of Lord Bhavanishankar as well as the other Swamis. H.H. Sadyojat Shankarashram Swamiji is currently the Head of the Math having ascended the Peetha in February 1997. Shree Sadyojat Shankarashram Swamiji is the eleventh Guru of this illustrious lineage of Gurus which began in 1708. At this point the issue of location of his Samadhi was drawn up, and the Nagarkatti family willingly offered their house in Chitrapur, Shirali for construction of the Samadhi and the Temple. This selfless contribution is the Math which stands till today. The Samadhi of Swami Shankarashram-II is located in Mallapur. He was a great scholar, a yogi and was aptly considered an avatar of Shri Dattatreya. The disciple chosen by him hailed from the Talgeri family and was given the name of Shri Keshavashram. This saint was an excellent administrator and as a result, He began acquiring land and other agricultural assets for the Math. Swami Keshavashram ordained a young disciple once again from the Shukla family under the name Shri Vamanashram. Being of a simple and quiet nature, and because of an intense spiritual bent of mind, He entrusted all the day to day matters of the Math to the priests, who were the managers. He attained MahaSamadhi in Mangalore. A disciple was adopted by him from the Nagarkar family. He was found to possess some a majestic glow on his face. Hence he was ordained a disciple for Sannyasa under the holy title of Shri Krishnashram. Shri Pandurangashram was the Eighth saint and hailed from the Nagarkar family. He was ordained into Sanyasa at 12 years of age and was trained under the Guruswami for five year. His reign on the Holy Peetha was quite long. The greater part of the Math was rebuilt and all the Samadhis of His predecessors were reconstructed with silver under this tutelage. He carried out several developmental activities in the village, such as building of a school, a post office and other structures of necessity. It is said that he had immense powers and once he showed in himself the entire frame of Lord Dattatreya, by the dint of this powers. He was a great scholar of Vedic astrology and the Vedas. He attained Samadhi in 1915 A.D. Swami Parijnanashram-III attained MahaSamadhi in Bangalore in 1991 and His Samadhi is located at Karla near Lonavla in Maharashtra. The samadhi enclave also contains a temple of Goddess Durga and Shree Ganesh just like the other Swamijis. Upon his agreement and subsequent ascension to the peetha, he now stands as the 11th Guru of this glorious Guru-Parampara.