UKIP put up candidates in more than 420 seats in the 2001 general election, attaining 1.5% of the vote and failing to win any representation at Westminster. It also failed to break through in the elections to the Scottish Parliament or the Welsh Assembly, despite those elections being held under proportional representation. In 2002 Titford stood down as party leader, but continued to sit as a UKIP MEP. He was replaced as leader by Roger Knapman. Interviewed by Frost'', he criticised Knapman's leadership. After further disagreement with the leadership Kilroy-Silk resigned the UKIP whip in the European Parliament on 27 October 2004. Initially he remained a member, while seeking a bid for the party leadership. However, this was not successful, and Kilroy-Silk resigned completely from UKIP on 20 January 2005, calling it a "joke". Two weeks later, he founded his own party, Veritas, taking several UKIP members, including both London Assembly members, with him. Kilroy-Silk has subsequently resigned from Veritas. UKIP lost 5 sitting councillors in the UK local elections in May 2010. The only one of those to have been previously elected as a UKIP councillor was Steve Allison, in Hartlepool. In 2004, 37 MEPs from the UK, Poland, Denmark and Sweden founded a new European Parliament group called Independence and Democracy from the old Europe of Democracies and Diversities group. However, following the European Parliament election, 2009, where Eurosceptic parties from Denmark, Sweden and elsewhere lost all representation, the ID group was dissolved. Many prominent members of UKIP are former members of the Conservative Party, such as former UKIP leader Roger Knapman - other former Conservative MPs include John Browne and Christopher Gill. The late Piers Merchant stood as a candidate for UKIP in the 2004 European Elections and was a party official during the last 5 years of his life. On 9 January 2007, two former Conservative peers defected from the Conservative Party to UKIP. Lords Pearson and Willoughby de Broke joined UKIP as they felt the Conservative Party was not producing policy to support their beliefs. They had previously had the Conservative whip withdrawn when they had encouraged voters to support UKIP. Other high-profile Conservatives have defected to UKIP, but this was the first example of sitting parliamentarians doing so. On 20 January 2007 the Earl of Dartmouth, also a former Conservative member of the Richard Thomas Orlando Bridgeman, 7th Earl of Bradford, also a former Conservative stood for UKIP in 2001 for the UK Parliament seat of Stafford and also in 2004 for the European Elections. UKIP's only Muslim local councillor to date was Mohammed Yaqub, originally elected as a Conservative to Walsall Metropolitan Borough Council. He and a colleague defected to UKIP in 2004 but were defeated in their re-election bids a few months later. In the 2009 European Parliament Elections, there were a number of ethnic minority candidates running for UKIP across the UK, including Rustie Lee and Deva Kumarasiri, a Sri Lankan postmaster who hit the headlines when he refused to serve customers who refused to learn English. Marta Andreasen, an Argentine-born Spanish accountant was elected to the European Parliament as an MEP for the South East region.