Ernst Abbe originalmente propôs que a capacidade de resolução detalhada de um objeto era limitada pelo comprimento da onda da luz dessa forma limitando o tamanho da obtenção da imagem através do microscópio óptico para pequenos micrômetros. A manipulação dos elétrons no tubo é causada por dois efeitos.A interação dos elétrons com o campo magnético causa o movimento dos elétrons na direção desejada,dessa forma permitindo o eletroimã manipular o feixe de elétrons.O uso de campos magnéticos permite a formação de lentes magnéticas de diferentes poderes de foco,a forma das lentes orginais permitem a distribuição do fluxo magnético além disso,o campo eletroestático pode usar os elétrons para desviar os elétrons  of magnetic flux. Additionally, STEM. From these two effects, as well as the use of an electron imaging system, sufficient control over the beam path is possible for TEM operation. The optical configuration of a TEM can be rapidly changed, unlike that for an optical microscope, as lenses in the beam path can be enabled, have their strength changed, or be disabled entirely simply via rapid electrical switching, the speed of which is limited by effects such as the magnetic hysteresis of the lenses. Once inserted into a TEM, the sample often has to be manipulated to present the region of interest to the beam, such as in single grain diffraction, in a specific orientation. To accommodate this, the TEM stage includes mechanisms for the translation of the sample in the XY plane of the sample, for Z height adjustment of the sample holder, and usually for at least one rotation degree of freedom for the sample. Thus a TEM stage may provide four degrees of freedom for the motion of the specimen. Most modern TEMs provide the ability for two orthogonal rotation angles of movement with specialized holder designs called double-tilt sample holders. Of note however is that some stage designs, such as top-entry or vertical insertion stages once common for high resolution TEM studies, may simply only have X-Y translation available. The design criteria of TEM stages are complex, owing to the simultaneous requirements of mechanical and electron-optical constraints and have thus generated many unique implementations. Insertion procedures for side entry TEM holders typically involve the rotation of the sample to trigger micro switches that initiate evacuation of the airlock before the sample is inserted into the TEM column. Electron lenses are designed to act in a manner emulating that of an optical lens, by focusing parallel rays at some constant focal length. Lenses may operate electrostatically or magnetically. The majority of electron lenses for TEM utilise electromagnetic coils to generate a spherical and hysteresis and permeability. The coils which produce the magnetic field are located within the lens yoke. The coils can contain a variable current, but typically utilise high voltages, and therefore require significant insulation in order to prevent short-circuiting the lens components. Thermal distributors are placed to ensure the extraction of the heat generated by the energy lost to resistance of the coil windings. The windings may be water cooled, using a chilled water supply in order to facilitate the removal of the high thermal duty. Apertures are either a fixed aperture within the column, such as at the condensor lens, or are a movable aperture, which can be inserted or withdrawn from the beam path, or moved in the plane perpendicular to the beam path. Aperture assemblies are mechanical devices which allow for the selection of different aperture sizes, which may be used by the operator to trade off intensity and the filtering effect of the aperture. Aperture assemblies are often equipped with micrometers to move the aperture, required during optical calibration. Bright field Diffraction contrast Modern TEMs are often equipped with specimen holders that allow the user to tilt the specimen to a range of angles in order to obtain specific diffraction conditions, and apertures placed above the specimen allow the user to select electrons that would otherwise be diffracted in a particular direction from entering the specimen. Electron energy loss EELS spectrometers can often be operated in both spectroscopic and imaging modes, allowing for isolation or rejection of elastically scattered beams. As for many images inelastic scattering will include information that may not be of interest to the investigator thus reducing observable signals of interest, EELS imaging can be used to enhance contrast in observed images, including both bright field and diffraction, by rejecting unwanted components. Phase contrast As previously stated, by adjusting the magnetic lenses such that the back focal plane of the lens rather than the imaging plane is placed on the imaging apparatus a amorphous solid material. For the single crystal case the diffraction pattern is dependent upon the orientation of the specimen and the structure of the sample illuminated by the electron beam. This image provides the investigator with information about the space group symmetries in the crystal and the crystal's orientation to the beam path. This is typically done without utilising any information but the position at which the diffraction spots appear and the observed image symmetries. Diffraction patterns can have a large dynamic range, and for crystalline samples, may have intensities greater than those recordable by CCD. As such, TEMs may still be equipped with film cartridges for the purpose of obtaining these images, as the film is a single use detector. Certain samples may be prepared by chemical etching, particularly metallic specimens. These samples are thinned using a chemical etchant, such as an acid, to prepare the sample for TEM observation. Devices to control the thinning process may allow the operator to control either the voltage or current passing through the specimen, and may include systems to detect when the sample has been thinned to a sufficient level of optical transparency. Ion etching is a sputtering process that can remove very fine quantities of material. This is used to perform a finishing polish of specimens polished by other means. Ion etching uses an inert gas passed through an electric field to generate a plasma stream that is directed to the sample surface. Acceleration energies for gases such as argon are typically a few kilovolts. The sample may be rotated to promote even polishing of the sample surface. The sputtering rate of such methods is on the order of tens of micrometers per hour, limiting the method to only extremely fine polishing. A TEM can be modified into a annular dark field detectors.