বাংলাদেশের অর্থনীতি একটি নিম্ন আয়ের উন্নয়নশীল এবং স্থিতিশীল অর্থনীতি। এই অর্থনীতির বৈশিষ্ট্যসমূহের মধ্যে রয়েছে মধ্যম হারের বার্ষিক প্রবৃদ্ধি, পরিব্যাপ্ত দারিদ্র, আয় বণ্টনে অসমতা, শ্রমশক্তির উল্লেখযোগ্য বেকারত্ব, জ্বালানী, খাদ্যশস্য এবং মূলধনী যন্ত্রপাথরি জন্য আমদানী নির্ভরতা, জাতীয় সঞ্চয়ের নিম্নহার, বৈদেশিক সাহায্যের ওপর ক্রমহ্রাসমান নির্ভরতা এবং কৃষি খাতের সংকোচনের সঙ্গে সঙ্গে পরিষেবাখাতের দ্রুত প্রবৃদ্ধি। ১৯৭১ খ্রিস্টাব্দে স্বাধীনতা অর্জনের পর থেকে বাংলাদেশ অর্থনীতিতে দীর্ঘ পথ পাড়ি দিয়ে অগ্রগতি অর্জন করেছে। বাংলাদেশের তৈরী পোষাক শিল্প বিশ্বের বৃহত্তম শিল্পের মধ্যে অন্যতম । ১৯৮০ সালের আগে পর্যন্ত বাংলাদেশের অর্থনীতি মূলত পাট ও পাটজাত পণ্যের ওপর নির্ভরশীল ছিল। এসময় পাট রপ্তানি করে দেশটি অধিকাংশ বৈদেশিক মুদ্রা আয় করত। কিন্তু পলিপ্রোপিলিন পণ্যের আগমনের ফলে ১৯৭০ সাল থেকেই পাটজাত দ্রব্যের জনপ্রিয়তা ও বাণিজ্য কমতে থাকে। বাংলাদেশ বর্ধিত জনসংখ্যার অভিশাপ সত্ত্বেও খাদ্যে স্বয়ংসম্পূর্ণতা অর্জন করেছে। এর মূল কারণ হচ্ছে অভ্যন্তরীন উৎপাদন অনেক বৃদ্ধি পেয়েছে। বর্তমানে ধান উৎপাদনের দিক থেকে বাংলাদেশের অবস্থান বিশ্বে তৃতীয়। বাংলাদেশের চাষাবাদের জমি সাধারণত গমের চাষ বৃদ্ধি পেয়েছে। বাংলাদেশে ধান উৎপাদনের দিক দিয়ে মোটামুটি স্বয়ংসম্পূর্ণ। তা সত্ত্বেও মোট জনসংখ্যার ১০% থেকে ১৫% অপুষ্টির ঝুকির মধে রয়েছে। বাংলাদেশের কৃষি মূলত অনিশ্চিত মৌসুমী চক্র, এবং নিয়মিত বন্য ও খরার উপর অতিমাত্রায় নির্ভরশীল। দেশের যোগাযোগ, পরিবহন ও বিদ্যুত খাত সঠিকভাবে গড়ে না ওঠায় দেশটির উন্নতি ব্যহত হচ্ছে। বাংলাদেশে প্রাকৃতিক গ্যাসের বিশাল খনি রয়েছে এবং কয়লা, খনিজ তেল প্রভৃতির ছোটখাট খনি রয়েছে। বাংলাদেশের শিল্প-কাঠামো দুর্বল হলেও এখানে অদক্ষ শ্রমিকের সংখ্যা অঢেল এবং মজুরিও সস্তা। ১৯৭১ সালে স্বাধীনতার পর থেকে বাংলাদেশ বিভিন্ন দাতা দেশ থেকে ৩০ ইউরোপীয় রাষ্ট্রসমূহ। তাসত্ত্বেও বাংলাদেশের দারিদ্রের হার এখনও অনেক বেশি। মোট জনসংখ্যার প্রায় অর্ধেক দারিদ্র সীমার নিচে বাস করে এবং চীনের পর বাংলাদেশেই সর্বোচ্চ সংখ্যক দরিদ্র মানুষ বসবাস করে। একই আয়ের অন্যান্য দেশের তুলনায় বাংলাদেশের সামাজিক সেবার মান অনেক কম। বাংলাদেশে ঐতিহাসিকভাবেই বিরাট বাণিজ্য ঘাটতি রয়েছে এবং এর অর্থনীতি বর্তমানে বিদেশে কর্মরত শ্রমিকের পাঠানো রেমিটেন্সের ওপর অনেকাংশে নির্ভরশীল। সেপ্টেম্বরে রিজার্ভ বেড়ে দাঁড়িয়েছে ৩.৬ বিলিয়ন ডলারে। Eastern Bengal was known for its fine muslin and silk fabric before the British period. The dyes, yarn, and cloth were the envy of much of the premodern world. Bengali muslin, silk, and brocade were worn by the aristocracy of Asia and Europe. The introduction of machine-made textiles from England in the late eighteenth century spelled doom for the costly and time-consuming handloom process. Cotton growing died out in East Bengal, and the textile industry became dependent on imported yarn. Those who had earned their living in the textile industry were forced to rely more completely on farming. Only the smallest vestiges of a once-thriving cottage industry survived. At independence Bangladesh was one of the least industrially developed of the populous nations. Annual per capita consumption of steel and cement was only about one-third that of India, for example, and electric power consumption per capita was less than one-fifth. --> The Commission, which included business and worker representatives finally released its conclusions on October 9, recommending the wage be set at Tk1,662.50, up from the current level of Tk950, but far below initial worker demands for Tk3,000. Whether this new wage will placate workers, who allege years of unsafe and abusive conditions remains to be seen. Fresh outbreaks of violence occurred on Oct 2, 3 and 10, but at least some of these protests appear to have stemmed from factory-specific factors, rather than industry wide discontent. OUTLOOK Knitwear posted the strongest growth of all textile products in 2005-06, surging 35.38 per cent to US$2.82 billion. On the downside however, the sector's strong growth came amid sharp falls in prices for textile products on the world market, with growth subsequently dependent upon large increases in volume. Bangladesh's quest to boost the quantity of textile trade was also helped by US and EU caps on Chinese textiles. The US cap restricts growth in imports of Chinese textiles to 12.5 per cent next year and between 15 and 16 per cent in 2008. The EU deal similarly manages import growth until 2008. Bangladesh may continue to benefit from these restrictions over the next two years, however a climate of falling global textile prices forces wage rates the centre of the nation's efforts to increase market share. Prior to the Wage Board's announcement of its recommended minimum wage, the rate had remained unchanged at Tk950 for more than 12 years. Although the government may allow up to three years for the new wage to be implemented, and inevitably there will be compliance issues as manufacturers drag their feet, it seems politically untenable for wages to remain at their current levels given the unprecedented industrial unrest. They offer a range of incentives to potential investors including 10 year tax holidays, duty free import of capital goods, raw materials and building materials, exemptions on income tax on salaries paid to foreign nationals for three years and dividend tax exemptions for the period of the tax holiday. All goods produced in the zones are able to be exported duty free, in addition to which Bangladesh benefits from the Generalised System of Preferences in US, European and Japanese markets and is also endowed with Most Favoured Nation status from the United States. Furthermore, Bangladesh imposes no ceiling on investment in the EPZs and allows full repatriation of profits. Bangladesh's exports to the U.S. surpassed $1.9 billion in 1999. Bangladesh also exports significant amounts of garments and knitwear to the EU market. Bangladesh also has significant jute, leather, shrimp, pharmaceuticals and ceramics industries. Bangladesh has been a world leader in its efforts to end the use of child labor in garment factories. On July 4 1995, the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers Export Association, International Labour Organization, and UNICEF signed a memorandum of understanding on the elimination of child labor in the garment sector. Implementation of this pioneering agreement began in fall 1995, and by the end of 1999, child labor in the garment trade virtually had been eliminated. The labor-intensive process of shipbreaking for scrap has developed to the point where it now meets most of Bangladesh's domestic steel needs. Other industries include sugar, tea, leather goods, newsprint, pharmaceutical, and fertilizer production. Country's trade imbalance also recorded a decrease of 13 percent as export outweighed import in the last fiscal. Overall BoP recorded a surplus of US$ 365 million in the FY '06, which was a smaller surplus with $ 67 million in FY '05, according to Bangladesh Bank statistics. Exports saw a 21.63 per cent growth during last fiscal whereas in FY '05 the growth was 13.83 per cent. Earning from export amounted to $10.52 বিলিয়ন ডলার in FY' 06, which was $8.65 বিলিয়ন ডলার during FY '05. During the last fiscal, growth in import was 12.05 percent or $1431 million whereas export had a growth of 21.63 percent or $1849 million. On the other hand, remittance inflow maintained the growth rate over 24.78 percent, touching $4.8 বিলিয়ন ডলার mark in the last fiscal mainly due to increase in skilled labour abroad and government's efficient move against money laundering. Due to better performance by the export sector, the country's trade deficit decreased largely in the last fiscal. Reducing by $418 million country's deficit in trade balance now figures at $2879 million. Despite larger service and income deficit, current account balance recorded a surplus of $572 million in the last fiscal against the deficit of $557 million during FY '05. According to official statistics from Bangladesh government, net FDI amounted to $675 million in financial year 2005-06, which was $800 million in FY '05. Bangladesh Bank statistics also reveals that foreign aid amounted to $1241.21 million in last fiscal, which was $1260 million in FY '05. -->