__TOC__ Location and general description of properties.—The railroad operated by the Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, herein called the Terminal Railroad Association, is a standard-gage, steam, switching, and terminal railroad, located in Missouri and Illinois. It consists of 41.771 miles of first main track with 19.464 miles of additional main tracks, together with numerous yard tracks and sidings and a double-track bridge over the Mississippi River. That part of the operated railroad which is owned by the Terminal Railroad Association consists of 2.262 miles of first main, 2.227 miles of second main, 0.471 mile of third main, and 0.499 mile of fourth main tracks, all located within the city of St. Louis, Mo., and extending from Ranken Avenue to Poplar Street. It also owns the union passenger station and certain other terminal facilities at St. Louis. The property owned but not used by this company consists of certain buildings and lands leased to other carriers. The remaining operated mileage is owned by lessor companies whose common-carrier properties are leased to and operated by the Terminal Railroad Association, as described in the following paragraphs. The railroad of the Terminal Railroad of East St. Louis consists of a single-track railroad located at East St. Louis, Ill., extending from The Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway Company's crossing near Missouri Avenue to Bridge Junction, a distance of 0.927 mile, together with numerous yard tracks and sidings. Its tracks form connections between those of the St. Louis Bridge Company and other railroads having termini at East St. Louis, and extend to various industries. The railroad of the East St. Louis and Carondelet Railway Company, herein called the East St. Louis and Carondelet, consists of a single-track railroad within the State of Illinois, extending from the National Stock Yards at St. Clair Avenue, East St. Louis, to Carondelet and Falling Springs, 9.985 miles. The railroad of the St. Louis Terminal Railway Company, herein called the St. Louis Terminal Railway, is located almost entirely within the city limits of St. Louis and all in Missouri. It extends from the St. Louis Car Company's plant near Bittner Avenue to a connection with the tracks of the Wabash Railway Company and the St. Louis Belt and Terminal near Page Avenue, 7.299 miles, of which 6.534 miles is double-tracked. The railroad of the East St. Louis Belt Railroad Company, herein called the East St. Louis Belt Railroad, is located within the State of Illinois and extends from St. Clair Avenue, East St. Louis, to The St. Louis, Troy and Eastern Railroad Company's crossing at South Venice, with two branches. Its road aggregates 2.821 miles, of which 2.092 miles is double-tracked, and serves as a connection between other terminal companies controlled and operated by the Terminal Railroad Association and trunk lines having termini at East St. Louis. The railroad of the Illinois Transfer Railroad Company, herein called the Illinois Transfer Railroad, is located within the State of Illinois and extends from a connection with the Conlogue tracks in East St. Louis to The St. Louis, Troy and Eastern Railroad Company's crossing at South Venice, 7.180 miles, of which 5.587 miles is double-tracked. The railroad of the St. Louis Belt and Terminal Railway Company, herein called the St. Louis Belt and Terminal, is a single-track belt line within the State of Missouri, extending from Easton Avenue, near the city limits of St. Louis, to the Missouri Pacific Railroad Company's crossing near Maplewood, 9.246 miles. The property of the St. Louis Bridge Company consists of a double-deck railroad and toll bridge over the Mississippi River, with approaches thereto, extending from Third Street and Washington Avenue, St. Louis, Mo., to The Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway Company's crossing near Missouri Avenue, East St. Louis. The upper deck is used by street cars, all classes of vehicular traffic, and pedestrians. The lower deck contains a double-track railroad. The road is 1.210 miles long with 1.213 miles of second main track. The property of the Tunnel Railroad of St. Louis, herein called the Tunnel Railroad, consists of a tunnel with a double-track railroad therein, located under the congested business district of St. Louis, from Third Street and Washington Avenue to Poplar Street, 0.841 mile, and certain property at Washington University, known as Cupples Station, located at Eighth and Spruce Streets, St. Louis, and including 0.651 mile of yard tracks and sidings. In addition, the Terminal Railroad Association has joint use of tracks of other carriers affording access to certain industries and interchange points, the details of which are given in the chapter on leased railway property in Appendix 2. The Terminal Railroad Association wholly owns and uses 58.641 miles of all tracks, wholly uses but does not own 157.180 miles of all tracks, and jointly uses but does not own an undivided interest in 0.220 mile of all tracks. These tracks, consisting of first, second, third and fourth main tracks and yard tracks and sidings, are classified by States in the trackage table in Appendix 2. The Terminal Railroad Association is controlled jointly by 14 It controls, through ownership of over 99 per cent of its capital stock, the St. Louis Merchants Bridge Terminal Railway Company, which operates its own property. It controls, through ownership of its entire outstanding capital stock, the Granite City and Madison Belt Line Railroad Company, whose property is operated by the St. Louis Merchants Bridge Terminal Railway Company. It indirectly controls The St. Louis Merchants Bridge Company and the Madison, Illinois and St. Louis Railway Company, whose entire outstanding capital stock is owned and whose properties are operated by the St. Louis Merchants Bridge Terminal Railway Company. Through ownership of over 99 per cent of the outstanding capital stock of the Wiggins Ferry Company, it indirectly controls the St. Louis Transfer Railway Company and the East St. Louis Connecting Railway Company, whose entire outstanding capital stock is owned by the Wiggins Ferry Company and whose properties are each separately operated. It controls, under the terms of its lease, the St. Louis Bridge Company and the Tunnel Railroad of St. Louis, whose properties it operates. The property of the Terminal Railroad Association has been operated by its own organization from January 1, 1890, the date it took possession of the property, to December 31, 1917. From January 1, 1918, to date of valuation it has been operated by the United States Railroad Administration. The property acquired consisted of main-line tracks, forming connection between the Tunnel Railroad on the east and other carriers on the west, and yard and sidetracks, constructed by the Terminal Railroad of St. Louis and The Union Railway and Transit Company of St. Louis, also a union passenger station, with tracks extending therefrom to connections with the two companies above named, constructed by The Union Depot Company of St. Louis. The extent of road constructed by the above-named companies can not now be ascertained. From January 1, 1890, to date of valuation, the Terminal Railroad Association has constructed additional tracks, at various periods, to meet industrial demands and on date of valuation its owned mileage consisted of 2.262 miles of first main track, 3.197 miles of other main track, and 53.182 miles of yard and sidetracks. The Terminal Railroad Association also constructed the union passenger station in use on date of valuation. It was completed September 1, 1894, on which date use of the old station acquired from the Union Depot Company of St. Louis was discontinued. The Terminal Railroad of East St. Louis is controlled by the Terminal Railroad Association through ownership of its entire outstanding capital stock. On the other hand, the records reviewed do not indicate that this company controls any common-carrier corporation. The property of this company was operated from the date of completion to June 30, 1881, jointly, under lease, by the St. Louis Bridge Company and the Tunnel Railroad. From July 1, 1881, to December 31, 1889, it was operated under lease by the Missouri Pacific Railway Company and the Wabash Railroad Company. From January 1, 1890, to December 31, 1917, it was operated by the Terminal Railroad Association, and from January 1, 1918, to date of valuation, it has been operated by the United States Railroad Administration as part of the operating unit of the Terminal Railroad Association. The East St. Louis and Carondelet is controlled by the Terminal Railroad Association through ownership of its entire outstanding capital stock. On the other hand, the records reviewed do not indicate that this company controls any common-carrier corporation. The property of this company was operated by its own organization from the date of completion to February 28, 1894. From March 1, 1894, to February 28, 1902, it was operated by the Terre Haute and Indianapolis Railroad Company. From March 1, 1902, to December 31, 1917, it was operated by the Terminal Railroad Association, and from January 1, 1918, to date of valuation, it has been operated by the United States Railroad Administration as part of the operating unit of the Terminal Railroad Association. This company was inactive until July 20, 1867, when the stockholders decided to construct a railroad but not engage in mining, quarrying, and manufacturing. On April 19, 1873, the name was changed to East St. Louis and Carondelet Railway Company. The East St. Louis Belt Railroad is controlled by the Terminal Railroad Association through ownership of its entire outstanding capital stock. On the other hand, the records reviewed do not indicate that this company controls any common-carrier corporation. The property of this company was operated by the Terminal Railroad Association from the date of its completion to December 31, 1917, and from that date to date of valuation it was operated by the United States Railroad Administration as part of the operating unit of the Terminal Railroad Association. The Illinois Transfer Railroad is controlled by the Terminal Railroad Association through ownership of its entire outstanding capital stock. On the other hand, the records reviewed do not indicate that this company controls any common-carrier corporation. The property of this company was operated from the date of its completion to December 31, 1917, by the Terminal Railroad Association, and from January 1, 1918, to date of valuation by the United States Railroad Administration as part of the operating unit of the Terminal Railroad Association. The property of the St. Louis Bridge Company was operated by the purchasing trustee and its own organization from March, 1879, to June 30, 1881. From July 1, 1881, to December 31, 1889, it was operated under joint lease by the Missouri Pacific Railway Company and the Wabash Railroad Company, and from January 1, 1890, to December 31, 1917, it was operated under lease by the Terminal Railroad Association. From January 1, 1918, to date of valuation, it has been operated by the United States Railroad Administration as part of the operating unit of the Terminal Railroad Association. The property of the Tunnel Railroad was operated from the date of purchase to July 1, 1881, by the St. Louis Bridge Company, from July 1, 1881, to December 31, 1889, jointly by the Missouri Pacific Railway Company and the Wabash Railroad Company. From January 1, 1890, to December 31, 1917, it was operated by the Terminal Railroad Association, and from January 1, 1918, to date of valuation it was operated by the United States Railroad Administration as part of the operating unit of the Terminal Railroad Association. The extent of construction by this company was not disclosed by the records reviewed. The property owned on date of consolidation consisted of tracks forming a connection between the Tunnel Railroad and other railroad companies having termini in the city of St. Louis, and other yard and sidetracks. Its main tracks were reported completed in July 1874. There were six ordinances passed by the city of St. Louis granting this company authority to construct tracks in certain city blocks and in and across streets and alleys. The records reviewed do not indicate that any syndicating arrangements were made in connection with the issuance of securities. The authorized capital stock [...] During the year 1874 this company acquired about 47 acres of land, in the city of East St. Louis, Ill., on which it constructed about one-quarter mile of main track, and about 0.13 mile of sidetrack, to connect the St. Louis Bridge Company tracks with those of other companies having termini at East St. Louis. On March 2, 1880, the property it acquired was sold to the Terminal Railroad of East St. Louis. The property of this company was operated by its own organization from the date of its completion to April 14, 1875, when it was taken over by J. P. Morgan and S. Humphreys, trustees, who were on May 31, 1875, appointed receivers. The receivers continued to operated the property until March, 1879, when it was turned over to the successor company. The property owned on date of sale consisted of a double-deck toll bridge over the Mississippi River, extending from the levee at Washington Avenue in St. Louis, Mo., to the levee at the foot of Crooks Street in East St. Louis, Ill., with approaches thereto. The amount of capital stock [...]