Dalam gereja-gereja Anglikan, Katolik Timur, Katolik Roma, Katolik Kuno, Ortodoks Oriental dan beberapa gereja lainnya, air suci adalah air yang telah disucikan oleh seorang imam atau uskup yang digunakan untuk pembaptisan atau untuk pemberkatan orang, tempat atau benda. Father, You give us grace through sacramental signs, which tell us of the wonders of Your unseen power. In baptism we use Your gift of water, which You have made a rich symbol of the grace You give us in this sacrament. At the very dawn of creation, Your Spirit breathed on the waters, making them the wellspring of all holiness. The waters of the great flood You made a sign of the waters of baptism, that make an end of sin and a new beginning of goodness. Through the waters of the Red Sea, You led Israel out of slavery, to be an image of God's holy people, set free from sin by baptism. In the waters of the Jordan, Your Son was baptized by John and anointed with the Spirit. Your Son willed that water and blood should flow from His side as He hung upon the cross. Father, look now with love upon Your Church, and unseal for her the fountain of baptism. By the power of the Spirit give to the water of this font the grace of your Son. We ask You, Father, with Your Son to send the Holy Spirit upon the waters of this font. Among Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Christians, holy water is used frequently in rites of blessing and exorcism, and the water for baptism is always sanctified with a special blessing. Holy water is sometimes sprinkled on items or people when they are blessed outside of the church building, as part of the prayers of blessing. For instance, in Alaska, the fishing boats are sprinkled with holy water at the start of the fishing season as the priest prays for the crews' safety and success. Orthodox Christians most often bless themselves with holy water by drinking it. It is traditional to keep a quantity of it at home, and many Orthodox Christians will drink a small amount daily with their morning prayers. It may also be used for informal blessings when no clergy are present. For example, parents might bless their children with holy water before they leave the house for school or play. It is not unusual for pious Orthodox Christians to put a little holy water in their food as they cook their meals. It is also often taken with prayer in times of distress or temptation. The use of holy water is based on the River Jordan, and the Orthodox interpretation of this event. In their view, John's baptism was a baptism of repentance, and the people came to have their sins washed away by the water. Since Jesus had no sin, but was God incarnate, his baptism had the effect not of washing away Jesus' sins, but of blessing the water, making it holy—and with it all of creation, so that it may be used fully for its original created purpose to be an instrument of life. The priest then blesses the entire church and congregation with the newly consecrated water. All come forward to be sprinkled over the head with the Theophany Water as the kiss the hand cross, and to drink some of it. Though there is no special blessing said over it, the water used for the Coptics, this water is blessed with the cross before the Washing of Feet. The Coptics also use holy water on Palm Sunday, and at the end of every Divine Liturgy. Some Roman Catholics believe that water from supernatural powers, such as for healing. This water, technically, is not holy water in the same sense as traditional holy water since it has not been consecrated by a priest or bishop. Other Christian groups have sold water from the Christ. Many The Well of Zamzam in Mecca is divinely blessed. It is also believed to have supernatural properties. The Sikhs prepare holy water, which is called amrit, and used in a ritual Sikh baptism. Among the Mandaeans, baptism is the central sacrament of their religious life. Hindus believe that the water from the Ganges is holy.