Game 1 was a matchup between Kevin Brown. Both pitchers were on even terms, allowing one run and four hits through seven innings. Both teams struck in the seventh with leadoff solo homers by Charles Johnson. The game was tied 1–1 in the bottom of the ninth. With the bases loaded, Edgar Rentería singled to right to give the Marlins their first ever postseason win with a walkoff. In Game 3, Alex Fernandez, hoping to close out the series. The game was scoreless until the bottom of the fourth. Devon White hit a stunning grand slam into the left field bleachers in the top of the sixth. Kent would hit another solo home run in the bottom half. But two RBI doubles by Charles Johnson and Craig Counsell put any hopes of a Giants comeback out of reach. Robb Nen got Damon Berryhill to ground out to end the series. In response to their team being swept, Giants fans littered the field with garbage as the Marlins players celebrated. Game 1 was a matchup between Keith Lockhart flied to right, putting Lofton at third. Then Chipper Jones hit a sacrifice fly to left field to make it 1–0 Braves in the first. Then Ryan Klesko homered to lead off the second, a homer which would prove to be the game winner. The Astros would strike for a run in the fifth, thanks to an RBI single by Kile. Maddux and Kile dueled for seven innings. Kile allowed only two hits and Maddux pitched a complete game. The Astros left five men on base, a fatal error, as the Braves won 2–1. The Astros sent Mike Hampton to the mound against Tom Glavine. The game was quiet through the first  innings. But in the bottom of the third, Jeff Blauser hit a three-run homer to put the Braves ahead. The Astros, however, would tie the game thanks to a two-run double by Brad Ausmus and an RBI single by Mike Hampton that scored Ausmus. The Astros would make a game of it, but only for the moment. With two outs in the bottom of the fifth, Hampton would surrender four consecutive walks to give the Braves the lead. Hampton would leave, but the bullpen gave up two more runs thanks to a two-run single by Greg Colbrunn. The game would quickly get away thanks to a key error by Jeff Bagwell. The Braves would strike for five in the sixth and two more in the eighth. Glavine pitched six innings for the win as the Braves routed the Astros 13–3. Game 3 was a battle between Michael Tucker made it 3–0 in the seventh. John Smoltz pitched brilliantly, allowing one run, a solo homer by Chuck Carr, in a complete game victory. A passed ball allowed another run to make it 4–1 Braves in the eighth. Smoltz would allow only three hits as Bill Spiers grounded out to end the series.