Once the Dutch-men arrived at Colachel they came ashore and initially took over the lands from  Colachel to Kottar near Nagercoil including the rich village of Eraniel,where the original palace of the Travancore Dynasty was situated. Their next aim was to proceed to capture Kalkulam, the capital. But soon the Travancore forces arrived under the direct command of Marthanda Varma and his Minister and Commander of the army Ramayyan Dalawa. Captain D'Lannoy’s military contingent was superior in that, it had firearms and was better equipped, but was no match to the tactics and aggressiveness used by the Travancore forces at the Battle of Colachel. Further the Dutch were helpless against the cavalry of Travancore. This battle is important as it marked the decline of Dutch influence in India. From then onwards, the Dutch Company was confined to the role of a trading company. Prior to this defeat, the Dutch had been interfering in all the domestic disputes of the local Royal houses and trying to amass power. They had their representatives in  almost all the  kingdoms of Malabar as advisors to the rulers. Captain D'Lannoy and twenty-four other Dutchmen were taken prisoners, while the rest of the  Dutchmen either retreated to their ships or were killed. Donadi, D'Lannoy’s lieutenant was also captured. The Dutch prisoners expressed their willingness to serve the Maharaja of Travancore. D'lannoy was entrusted with the job of training a Regiment of the army in European tactics of war and discipline. Captain D'lannoy performed this task to the entire satisfaction of Marthanda Varma and the Maharaja appointed him as one of his Generals. Donadi also was given a high military post. D'Lannoy organized the Travancore army on European lines,introduced gun-powder and firearms,  hitherto not used in the kingdom, and increased the regiments and improved defence fortifications. In the process, he earned the trust of the king, who conferred a lot of privileges on him. D'Lannoy was a skilled military strategist,and together with the tactics of the Dewan of  Travancore, Ramayyan Dalawa,and the king Maharaja Marthanda Varma the combined skills of the threesome proved very effective in the future military exploitations and annexations of the Northern kingdoms up to Cochin over a period of time. The statesmanship of king Marthanda Varma, D'Lannoy’s military-strategy and Ramayyan Dalawa’s tactics were instrumental in the defeat and annexation of Quilon, Kayankulam, Kottarakkara, Panthalam, Ambalapuzha, Edappalli, Thekkumkoor and Vadakkumkoor with Travancore. D'Lannoy built the Nedumkotta, a line of fortifications in the North of the Kingdom,known as the Trvancore Lines. This fortification proved immensely useful in defending the kingdom against the attacks of Tipu Sultan and other marauders.  It was erased by Tipu Sultan in an act of revenge for having defeated his attempt to subdue Travancore in 1789. It had a length of 40 km and extended from the sea near Vypeen Island to the Ghats. Just before returning to Mysore after his failed attempt, he spent six days to demolish the Lines which he called 'the Contemptible Wall'. He had sworn to demolish it earlier after his failed attempt to breach it on December 28, 1789, and lost 2000 soldiers in that single night, due to the spirited defence by just 20 Nair soldiers of Travancore. Many other forts like the Kanyakumari the Savakkotta and the Marunnu Kotta or Ammunition fort, both being hill-forts near Padmanabhapuram, were built under D'Lannoy’s supervision. Udayagiri Fort, very close to the fortified capital of Padmanabhapuram, was basically a military training centre and barracks. Originally a mud-fort, it was re-built as a stone fort as per the design of one Thykattu Namboothiri prior to the Battle of Colachel and D'lannoy who was imprisoned there was later allowed to reside there with his family and a church was built for him inside, by the King. The fort had a big foundry and different types of weapons including cannons and ammunition were manufactured there. De Lannoy is also credited with the erection of some other small forts and tunnels. Captain D'Lannoy’s military skills and loyalty were recognised not only by the king  and the state  officials, but also by the subjects of Travancore,who called him by the nom de guerre ‘Valiya  Kappithaan’ meaning 'The Great Captain'. At some point of his military career, D'Lannoy got well acquainted with Neelakanta Pillai, a Nair  palace  official, who after learning of Christian traditions and  beliefs through D'Lannoy, converted to Christianity. Neelankanta Pillai took the baptized name of Devasahayam Pillai. Maharaja Martanda Varma died in 1758, and D'Lannoy served as military chief to his successor Rama Varma till his death.