Raper moved to England for the 1986/87 season and signed for Oldham RLFC. Raper made 31 appearances for Oldham in that season and scored 11 tries but his efforts didn't prevent Oldham from being relegated from the 1st Division. He left the club at the end of the season. In 1989 Raper signed for the Western Suburbs Magpies on a one year deal with the club. His opportunities though were yet again limited and after only a mere five appearances for the season his contract was not renewed and his first grade career came to an end. With a new season in 1998 many pundits predicted the Tigers would be one of the sides to face the drop down to National League One by the end of the season. With the odds stacked against Raper and his position continually under pressure after a poor first season he defied many odds by keeping his Castleford side near the top of the table for the majority of the season in which they eventually finished sixth. The 1999 season saw Castleford continue their progress. The season started with the side missing out on the last London Broncos knock the side out. The positive cup run continued into the league and Castleford ended the league season in the top 5. Raper masterminded the side past Old Trafford. They were knocked out in the last knock-out stage by St Helens. The 1999 season still stands as the most successful for Castleford in the Super League era and because of it Raper is still highly regarded in the hearts of the club's fans. 2000 heralded Rapers last season with the Castleford Tigers and his performance somewhat mirrored their previous season as he yet again took his side to a finishing place of fifth and into the finals for a consecutive season. He took the opportunity to manage Wigan Warriors after not being provided with the finances he claimed to require to take the Tigers onto the next level. The club subsequently fell into decline and were relegated in 2005 - a fate that would have arguably come much earlier without Raper's guidance. He remained with Wigan for a further two seasons in 2002 and 2003 where they finished a respectable third in both seasons though were never able to progress to the Final and obtain a Super League title in either. Raper did however enjoy his first piece of English rugby league silverware in 2002 when he took his Challenge Cup. They beat non other than local rivals St Helens, 21-12. At the start of his tenure at the Sharks, the former NRL playoffs in 2003 for the first time in four seasons. While Raper's first season record after taking over from Anderson was modest, he and his coaching team dealt with several obstacles in 2004 and showed some classy football against the top sides. 2005 started very well for cronulla and Raper, however, by the end of the season the sharks had limped home into 7th place in the finals. This for slump coincided with playmaker Brett Kimmorley's poor performance in state of origin one of that season, and further poor performances after his axing from the representative side. The sharks lost to St George Illawarra in the first round of the semi finals and were eliminated. 2006 was to be Stuart Rapers final season at the club. Raper came under heavy criticism for the way he coached the side, mostly for his persistence with the Adam Dykes/Brett Kimmorley halves pairing, which many deemed to be unsuccessful. Raper was also criticised for not having a structured game plan as well as other questionable player selections. The season ended with a 10 game losing streak, including losses to a heavily depleted Brisbane Broncos side, as well as a second half capitulation at home against Penrith, where Rapers team let in 20 points in 16 minutes to lose a seemingly un-losable game. Ricky Stuart was appointed as Rapers replacement for 2007. He now works as a commentator and analyst for Fox Sports.