Jumlah kehadiran mengatasi 12 juta buat pertama kali pada 2002, dan pada Jun 2005 Billy Elliot, The Producers dan Mary Poppins dan sejumlah besar bintang filem yang muncul. Sejak akhir 1990-an terdapat pertambahan pelakon filem Amerika Syarikat di pentas London, dan pada 2005 antaranya adalah Brooke Shields, Val Kilmer, Rob Lowe, David Schwimmer dan Kevin Spacey. Theatre in London flourished after the interregnum. Outside the West End, Islington on 3 June 1683. Taking its name from founder Theatre Royal, Covent Garden opened in Covent Garden on 7 December 1732. The Patent theatre companies retained their duopoly on drama well into the 19th century, and all other theatres could perform only musical entertainments.  By the early 19th century, however, music hall entertainments became popular, and presenters found a loophole in the restrictions on non-patent theatres in the genre of melodrama.  Melodrama did not break the Patent Acts, as it was accompanied by music.  Initially, these entertainments were presented in large halls, attached to public houses, but purpose-built theatres began to be established in the East End at Shoreditch and Whitechapel. Among the noted performers who began their careers in the early days of West End theatre are Robert William Elliston, John Liston, Nell Gwynne, and later Henry Irving, Ellen Terry, John Lawrence Toole, Nellie Farren, Marie Tempest, Seymour Hicks, Ellaline Terriss, and Marie Brema. During the 1950s and 1960s, many plays were produced in theatre clubs, in order to evade the censorship then exercised by the Lord Chamberlain's Office. The Theatres Act 1968 finally abolished censorship of the stage in the United Kingdom. Many theatres in the West End are of late Victorian or Edwardian construction and are privately owned. The majority of them have great character, and the largest and best maintained feature grand neo-classical, Romanesque, or Victorian façades and luxurious, detailed interior design and decoration. On the other hand, leg room is often cramped, and audience facilities such as bars and toilets are often much smaller than in modern theatres. The protected status of the buildings and their confined urban locations, combined with financial constraints, make it is very difficult to make substantial improvements to the level of comfort offered. In 2004, it was estimated an investment of £250 million was required for modernisation, and the theatre owners unsuccessfully requested tax concessions to help them meet the costs. Finally, there are also local theatres in the suburbs which stage a wide range of work, often including touring productions, such as the New Wimbledon Theatre or the Churchill Theatre in Bromley.