Pada 2009, Johns Hopkins telah mengijazahkan lime belas pemenang Princeton) dan ke-11 tertinggi di seluruh dunia. In his will and in the instructions that he gave to the trustees of the university and the hospital, Johns Hopkins requested that both institutions be built upon the vast grounds of his Baltimore estate, Clifton. When Daniel Coit Gilman assumed the presidency of the university, he decided that it was more important to use the university's endowment for other purposes, such as recruiting faculty and students, than for the construction of buildings for the two institutions, and declared that it was more important to "build men, not buildings." Also, in his will Johns Hopkins stipulated that none of the money he left behind should be used for the construction of buildings, only interest incurred from the principal could be used for this purpose. Unfortunately, stocks in The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from which most of the interest would have been generated became virtually worthless soon after Hopkins's death because of mismanagement in the company. Therefore the university's first home was in Downtown Baltimore and plans were made to move the university to Clifton in the future. Gilman's decision to not locate the university where Hopkins wanted became the only major criticism of his presidency. In the early 1900s the university outgrew the buildings available to it and the trustees began to search for a new home. Developing the entirety of Clifton for the university was out of the financial reach of the university at the time, and Johns Hopkins' beautiful estate was bought for one million dollars by the city and became a public park. In the end, the 140-acre estate in north Baltimore known as Homewood was purchased as the university's new campus with assistance from prominent Baltimore citizens. The first African American instructor, laboratory supervisor was Vivien Thomas who also invented and developed research instruments, served as an assistant in surgery to surgeon Alfred Blalock, and worked closely with Blalock and Helen Taussig in developing and conducting the first successful blue baby operation. The doors of the Johns Hopkins Institutions, and of Maryland's state medical societies were largely closed to students and professionals of African descent until after the 1940s, and more so, the 1960s and 1970s. African Americans and women were labeled "The Uninvited" in the second major history of Johns Hopkins University. In terms of leadership, the legacy begun by Gilman has continued among the university's presidents through the years. Among them, endowment doubled, ambitious building projects were undertaken, and strong ties with Washington, D.C. were developed. Because of his contributions, Eisenhower was one of two men named President Emeritus. Steven Muller, who served as president from 1972 until 1990, is the only other one awarded this title - and along with Gilman is one of two to be named president of both the Johns Hopkins Hospital and the university. As a part of the donation, Hopkins was required to donate part of the land for art.  As a result, the Baltimore Museum of Art, which is not part of the university, is situated next to the University's campus, just south-east of Shriver Hall. The Decker Gardens, bordered by the Greenhouse, Nichols House and the Johns Hopkins Club, were originally known as the Botanical Gardens and were used by members of the Department of Biology to grow plants for research. By the early 1950s, the gardens no longer served an educational purpose, and in 1958, when Nichols House was built as the president's residence, they were completely re-landscaped with aesthetic criteria in mind. In 1976, the gardens were done over again, and named for trustee Alonzo G. Decker, Jr. and members of his family in appreciation for their generosity to Hopkins. The statue in the middle of the pool, the Sea Urchin, was sculpted by Edward Berge. It stood in Mount Vernon Place, near the Washington Monument, for 34 years before being replaced by a 7'10" copy, which fit in better with its monumental surroundings. Frank R. Huber, the man who left the city the money to make the copy, asked that the original be given to Paul M. Higinbotham, who donated it to the university. North of the campus, also on Charles Street, we find the Evergreen House, one of Hopkins' museums. The Space Telescope Science Institute is located on the Homewood campus and controls, analyzes, and collects data from the Hubble Space Telescope. The Johns Hopkins University, working with Collegetown Development Alliance, a joint venture team composed of Struever Brothers, Eccles & Rouse and Capstone Development recently teamed up to develop a mixed use project featuring student housing, a central dining facility and a major campus book store. Among music conservatories, the Peabody Institute is generally considered one of the most prestigious conservatories in the country along with Juilliard and the Curtis Institute. Hopkins has also advertised the "Collegetown" atmosphere it shares with neighboring institutions, including Loyola College, UMBC, Goucher College, and Towson University, as well as the proximity of downtown Baltimore's Inner Harbor. The Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender student organization, The Diverse Sexuality and Gender Alliance, affectionately called DSAGA, at Hopkins is well known. Annually DSAGA organizes and oversees the Awareness Days Program. This program is a series of events and speakers with the focus on LGBTA inclusivity and awareness. Freshmen are also housed in Wolman Hall on the other side of North Charles Street from Homewood. Sophomores are housed in McCoy Hall, across the street from Wolman Hall. Both buildings were previously apartment buildings that were bought by the university during the 1960s when enrollment at Johns Hopkins drastically increased. Both were refurbished in 1991 so that their initial capacity was more than doubled. Sophomores may also live in the University owned Bradford Apartments, Homewood Apartments, or the Charles Commons Building, the university housing building which was officially opened in 2006. Charles Commons is a building complex reserved entirely for upperclassmen on 33rd Street, between North Charles and St. Paul Street. It is comprised of two towers connected by a bridge and houses 618 students and it includes a ballroom, laundry room, exercise facility, game room and lounges. On the ground floor of Charles Commons is the Johns Hopkins University Bookstore and the Homewood Branch of the Federal Credit Union. The opening of Charles Commons was seen as an important step toward insuring housing for juniors and seniors who want it. Whenever there is an overflow of students who are required to live in on-campus housing, several buildings on North Charles Street are leased out by the university. At full capacity, all of Johns Hopkins dormitory buildings can house approximately 60% of undergraduates. Fortunately, there are many privately-owned apartment buildings around Homewood that are usually filled with Hopkins upperclassmen, so despite the lack of university-owned dormitories, housing is not particularly difficult to attain. The University does not provide any Greek housing, though most fraternities maintain private residences off-campus. Recruitment for Inter-Fraternity Council and Panhellenic Conference fraternities and sororities takes place during the spring semester for freshmen, though some groups recruit upperclassmen during the fall semester. All students who wish to participate in Recruitment must have completed one semester in college and must be in good academic standing. National Pan-Hellenic and Multicultural fraternities and sororities may recruit freshmen in the fall semester. -->