The institution was one of the original network of Regional Technical Colleges set up in the 1970s with an emphasis on business, engineering and science. In recent years the institution has expanded into hospitality and nursing. Apprenticeship courses have long been a feature of the Institute, there has been continual expansion in the Apprenticeship provisioning the electrical and plumbing fields. DkIT currently await with great interest news of WIT’s submission for university, as they may also make a similar submission. Denis Cummins is the current President of the Institute. There are 100 PCs for project and research work as well as wireless internet access on two floors.  The Library’s collection is mainly academic to support DkIT’s undergraduate and postgraduate programmes.  There is also an eclectic fiction collection as well as films on DVD and music CDs. The Library building was named after Dr. Whitaker in recognition of his contribution to the Irish economy.  Books donated by him are available for consultation in the TK Whitaker collection. With the recent economic climate, the Lifelong Learning Centre has had a huge increase in applications for night classes. Through the Research and Developmental endeavours of its Academic Staff, DKIT has developed a strong applied R&D reputation in Software Development, Electronics and Engineering Design, Applied Humanities, Cultural Studies and Enterprise Development & Innovation with a new and emerging area in the field of Renewable Energy and Digital Media. The evolution of this range of Research expertise has a direct bearing on new course development, on staff development and on the relevance of graduate provision to the skills needs of the Regional and National economy. The DkIT Regional Development Centre has been awarded the ISO 9001-2000 Quality Standard. The Sunday Times Higher Education analysis places the Institute as the top research income performer in the IoT sector and is a measure of the calibre of research activity being undertaken and the success of the Institute's Research Strategy over the last number of years. Researchers within the Institute carry out internationally recognised research within several key thematic areas from across its four academic schools. These thematic areas include Ageing and Health, Informatics and the Environment, Creative Media, Music and Entrepreneurship, with the emerging area of nanoscience being explored as a potential growth area. To this end several key research centres and groups have been established on campus which possess the required critical mass to impact upon the region, and the national and international stages. The Institute has always recognised the need to sustain and develop this research base within its schools, of both the basic and applied nature, with a strong emphasis on research commercialisation and technology transfer.