He is the father of U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania. Bob Casey turned down an offer to play for the B.A. in 1953, and received his Juris Doctor from George Washington University in 1956. In 1978, yet another candidate named Robert Casey, a different Robert Casey, this one a teacher and ice cream parlor owner, likewise received the Democratic party's nomination for Lieutenant Governor, again with a no-spending, no-campaigning strategy. This Casey, who joined Democratic gubernatorial nominee Pete Flaherty, narrowly lost to Richard Thornburgh and William Scranton III. Inaugurated January 20, 1987, Casey was immediately confronted with several serious issues. kickbacks, committed suicide at a televised press conference just two days into his term. With those assurances in hand, Governor Casey appointed Wofford to the Senate, and then vigorously supported him in Wofford's uphill fight to remain in the Senate against former Pennsylvania Governor and U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh in the special election held that fall.  Thanks in large part to Casey's fundraising prowess and Carville's political ability, Senator Wofford scored an upset victory over Thornburgh. Before undergoing the operation, he transferred executive authority to Lieutenant Governor Mark Singel, marking the first time Pennsylvania was under the leadership of an acting governor. Casey resumed his duties on December 13, 1993, almost six months to the day after he underwent the operation. Following his operation, Casey strongly supported legislation that encouraged organ transplants by guaranteeing access to the families of potential organ donors by organ recovery organizations, providing drivers' license identification of potential donors, and establishing an organ donation trust fund from voluntary donations to promote the benefits of organ donation. Today the organ donation trust fund is named in his honor. Despite the transplants, Casey continued to suffer long-term effects of his disease, to which he finally succumbed on May 30, 2000, at the age of 68. His survivors were his wife of fifty years, Ellen and his eight children Margaret, Mary Ellen, Kathleen, Bobby, Chris, Erin, Patrick and Matt. He is also survived by his 33 grandchildren and his brother John. Casey's oldest son, Bob Casey, Jr., followed in his father's footsteps, being elected to two terms as Pennsylvania's Auditor General. In 2002 he sought the Governor's office, but was defeated in the Democratic primary by Ed Rendell. In 2005, he was sworn in as State Treasurer. Twenty years after Casey, Sr. was elected governor of Pennsylvania, on November 7, 2006, Casey, Jr. defeated incumbent Pennsylvania Republican Senator Rick Santorum.