Modern fryers feature a basket to raise food clear of the oil when cooking is finished. Fryers often come with features such as timers with an audible alarm, automatic devices to raise and lower the basket into the oil, measures to prevent food crumbs from becoming over cooked, ventilation systems to reduce frying odors, oil filters to extend the usable life of the oil, and mechanical or electronic temperature controls.  Deep fryers are used for cooking many fast foods, and making them crispy. The modern commercial fryer boasts improved energy efficiency due in part to better heat transfer systems.  Commercial fryers with convection heating are efficient, but often expensive.  The most common fryer models are electric and gas. Electric restaurant fryers are popular in counter top models because of their mobility.  They lose a little less heat than gas fryers because their heating elements are immersed in the oil, and they have a faster temperature recovery time between frying cycles.  Gas fryers heat up more quickly and to a higher cooking temperature than electric fryers.  Gas fryers can be powered by either natural gas or propane, both of which are generally less expensive energy sources than electricity.  This makes gas power especially popular in floor model fryers. Commercial fryers are generally available in mild steel or stainless steel.  Stainless steel is less likely to corrode or stain than mild steel.  Mild steel also expands under heat which may damage the welds over time.  Because of this, stainless steel fryers often come with a much better warranty than mild steel fryers. Many of the new fryer models include electronic temperature controls.  These computerized controls save energy by constantly sensing and adjusting the temperature of the oil.  A high quality thermostat can stay within a 7.2 ˚C range of a desired temperature, assuring accurate cook times.  Safety thermostats that automatically cut the power if the oil reaches dangerous temperatures help prevent oil fires. Restaurant fryers are available with a wide array of accessories and options.  There are countertop models, single floor models, and “fryer batteries” with multiple floor fryers, a filtration system, and holding stations all built together as one large floor fryer system.  Individual fryers may have one or more tanks.  Commercial floor-model fryers can be fitted with casters for easier maintenance and cleanup.  Fry baskets also come in various shapes and sizes, from taco salad bowls to onion loaf baskets, with or without heat resistant handles.