Forum WiMAX yang diasaskan pada Jun 2001 untuk memupuk kepatuhan dan saling kendali dalam piawaian berkenaan. Forum ini menyifatkan WiMAX sebagai "tekonologi berasaskan piawaian yang membolehkan penyampaian capaian jalur lebar wayarles 'jarak paling jauh' sebagai alternatif kepada kabel dan DSL". Capaian WiMAX digunakan untuk membantu komunikasi di tsunami pada Disember 2004. Segala prasaran komumikasi di kawasan terbabit ranap, kecuali radio amatur, mengakibatkan para mangsa yang terselamat tidak dapat berhubung dengan orang di luar kawasan bencana. WiMAX menyediakan capaian jalur lebar yang membantu menjana semula komunikasi ke Aceh. Pemasangan WiMAX di kawasan luar bandar yang kekurangan atau ketiadaan tunggak jalur lebar amat mencabar kerana kaedah dan perkakas tambahan diperlukan untuk mendapatkan lebar jalur yang cukup dari sumber terdekat -- masalahnya terletak pada kadar kepada jarak antara pengguna akhir dan tunggak Internet mencukupi yang terdekat. Oleh sebab prasarana talian yang terhad di sesetengah negara membangun, kos pemasangan stesen WiMAX bersempena dengan sebuah menara selular sedia ada ataupun sebagai hab tunggal mungkin kurang berbanding membangunkan kaedah bertalian. Kawasan-kawasan ketumpatan penduduk rendah dan daratan rata agak sesuai dengan WiMAX dan liputannya. Untuk negara yang menolak prasarana talian atas sebab kos mahal dan muka bumi yang kurang sesuai, WiMAX boleh meningkatkan prasarana tanpa wayar secara murah, teragih, senang dipasang dan berkesan. Most commercial interest is in the 802.16d and .16e standards, since the lower frequencies used in these variants suffer less from inherent signal attenuation and therefore give improved range and in-building penetration.  Already today, a number of networks throughout the world are in commercial operation using certified WiMAX equipment compliant with the 802.16d standard. It's important to note that the functional architecture can be designed into various hardware configurations rather than fixed configurations.  For example, the architecture is flexible enough to allow remote/mobile stations of varying scale and functionality and Base Stations of varying size - e.g. femto, pico, and mini BS as well as macros. Due to the ease and low cost with which Wi-Fi can be deployed, it is sometimes used to provide Internet access to third parties within a single room or building available to the provider, often informally, and sometimes as part of a business relationship. For example, many coffee shops, hotels, and transportation hubs contain Wi-Fi access points providing access to the Internet for customers. In the unlicensed band, 5.x GHz is the approved profile. Telecom companies are unlikely to use this spectrum widely other than for backhaul, as they do not own and control the spectrum. Like most wireless systems, available bandwidth is shared between users in a given radio sector, so performance could deteriorate in the case of many active users in a single sector. In practice, many users will have a range of 2-, 4-, 6-, 8-, 10- or 12 Mbit/s services and additional radio cards will be added to the base station to increase the capacity as required. Because of this, various granular and distributed network architectures are being incorporated into WiMAX through independent development and within the  wireless mesh, grids, network remote station repeaters which can extend networks and connect to backhaul. Intel is a leader in promoting WiMAX, and has developed its own chipset. However, it is notable that most of the major semiconductor companies have to date been more cautious of involvement and most of the solutions come from specialist smaller or start-up suppliers. For the client-side these include ApaceWave, GCT Semiconductor, Altair Semiconductor, Beceem, Comsys, Runcom, Motorola with TI, NextWave, Sequans, Redpine signals, Wavesat, Coresonic & SySDSoft. Both Sequans and Wavesat manufacture solutions for both clients and network while TI, DesignArt, and picoChip are focused on WiMAX chip sets for base stations. The large number of suppliers during introduction phase of WiMAX demonstrates the low entry barriers for IPR. -->