Trippi is an alumnus of San José State University and a brother of Sigma Nu. In 1981, at the age of 24, Trippi was the Deputy Campaign Manager for Mayor Tom Bradley's successful reelection bid in Los Angeles and in 1982 was Bradley's Statewide Deputy Campaign Manager for Governor of California.  In 1983 Trippi served in government for his first and only time, becoming Lieutenant Governor Leo McCarthy's Deputy Chief of Staff in Sacramento. Still in his 20s in 1983 Trippi joined the campaign staff of Vice President Walter Mondale—first as the state director of Maine where he was credited with engineering a come-from-behind victory at the 1983 state convention for Mondale—earning him a promotion to state director of Iowa's first in the nation caucuses. After running Iowa for Mondale and winning the state by over 30 points Trippi went on to run the Pennsylvania primary effort for Mondale.  Mondale defeated Gary Hart in Pennsylvania by 14 points. In 1985 Trippi became the deputy director of the Fund for a Democratic Majority, Senator Edward Kennedy's political action committee run by Paul Tully. Tully, along with Mike Ford, had been Trippi's superior in the Kennedy and Mondale campaigns. Bob Shrum was chairman of the Fund for a Democratic Majority. In mid-1985 Bob Shrum resigned to launch the media firm of Caddell, Doak and Shrum, and recruited Trippi to be the firm's vice president. The firm quickly became Doak and Shrum, and Trippi helped produce the media and strategy for several successful gubernatorial and U.S. Senate campaigns, including those of Virginia Governor Jerry Baliles, Senator Alan Cranston of California, Senator Barbara Mikulski of Maryland, Pennsylvania Governor Bob Casey.  Shrum has credited Trippi for his creative work in conceiving and producing the "Zschau's Greatest Hits"  television spot in 1986 for Cranston's campaign. Trippi left the firm of Doak and Shrum in 1987 when Paul Tully, who had become Senator Gary Hart's political director, recruited Trippi to become Hart's deputy political director. After the Miami Herald broke the story of Gary Hart and Donna Rice, Trippi became chief of staff to Hart's wife, Lee Hart. After Gary Hart withdrew from the race, Trippi became the national deputy campaign manager for the Gephardt For President campaign and is credited with the "Hyundai" ad in Iowa that catapulted Gephardt from last place in most polls to winning the Iowa caucuses. Trippi began to serve as a corporate consultant in Dean For America as Howard Dean's National Campaign Manager. Until spring of 2004, Trippi was a principal at the political consulting firm Trippi, McMahon & Squier, which produced advertisements for Dean's gubernatorial and presidential campaigns. Trippi currently heads the consulting firm Trippi & Associates. In the 2006 cycle he produced the media for John Hall's victory in New York's 19th Congressional District and for Jerry Brown's successful bid for Attorney General of California. Over the years Trippi has been involved in various political campaigns overseas. He worked for then PASOK leader Andreas Papandreou's successful campaign for Prime Minister of Greece in 1993 and advised British Prime Minister Tony Blair during his successful bid for a third term in 2005.  He also worked on behalf of Romano Prodi in his successful bid for Prime Minister of Italy in 2006. Trippi was a key voice in the Dean campaign's decision to forgo the use of federal matching funds for the Democratic presidential nomination, a move intended to help escape the fundraising limits the matching funds brought.   The decision prompted eventual nomination winner John Kerry to follow suit  and allow his campaign to remain financially competitive with Bush in the months leading up to the convention. In 2004 Joe Trippi was named a Fellow at the Institute of Politics at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government. In 2006 Trippi produced the media and served as a consultant to John Hall in his winning bid for New York's 19th Congressional seat, and for Jerry Brown's winning campaign for Attorney General of California.