The article "Life-death-rebirth_deity" has effectively been taken over by the two first-named parties above, Eugeneacurry and Ari, and all other contributions presenting material differing from their views have been blocked and reverted for many months, as is clearly evidenced on the "Discussion" page.  That page records the pathetic and futile attempts of contributors differing from the reverters to get their contributions and citations into the article, over the past six months or so.  The dispute may be older than that, but the Discussion page clearly shows that it has been an on-going problem involving the blocking of many different contributors. Apparently in furtherance of this claim, Ari and Eugeneacurry travesty the few scholars they do admit have argued for the existence of pagan dying-and-rising gods.  Sir James Frazer is mentioned only to mock him, without regard for any positive aspects of his The Golden Bough.  Franz Cumont, who was accepted as the leading academic authority on Graeco-Roman cults for most of the twentieth century, from around 1900 even well beyond his death and through to the 1970s, is merely mentioned in passing and solely in terms of his including Jesus in the dying-and-rising complex.  This reference to him, in addition, is only given in a list of others with this opinion who are rather kooky occultist writers, thus insinuating that he was one of their number and was not a responsible scholar at all.  These insinuations are false.  Furthermore, his contribution was not focused on Christianity per se but on amassing huge documentation relating to the pagan cults themselves. My own contributions have been treated as disdainfully as earlier dissenters, but unlike them I refuse to enter into long revert wars or to go away.  Not wishing to enter into revert wars, after my first contributions were erased I refused to make more, but I warned them that I would seek Wiki mediation if they refused to modify the article themselves to reflect the actual state of scholarship.  They have mockingly refused to do so, and thus I now lodge this complaint and request mediation.  I would like all the previous contributors whose efforts have been wiped from the article, including Ceezmad and Nikopolyos, to be alerted to this mediation so that their contributions can be invited and respectfully treated in the future. I also get the impression that the article on this subject presently in Wikipedia is very different from what it was even a year ago, before Ari and Eugeneacurry got to work on it.  It even seems that the Discussion page has had its own contents wiped, with discussion before December of 2009 omitted.  The few comments that reflect an earlier stage of the article suggest it was quite different and more detailed and responsible in its scholarship.  E.g., under the heading "Talk," there are references to discussion of various Greek gods and myths of resurrection that no longer appear in the article itself.  Perhaps Fuzzypeg, who comments here, can be invited back? I have already given that list under the heading above, "List the main parties involved in the dispute." I have given this above, under your heading "Request details." See my long comment under "Request details." The contributions of those who differ from Ari and Eugeneacurry must be allowed expression, simply to reflect the actual state of scholarship on the subject.  The reverters must be prevented from taking over the article and wiping other contributions.  If nothing else succeeds, perhaps Ari and Eugeneacurry should be completely blocked from the site.  Hopefully, however, it need not come to this.