In 1893, enter the likes of entrepreneur "Colonel" St. Louis and eventually found backing.  For much of his construction financing, he issued bonds.  He organized and constructed four lines that, together with the N&K acquired from the Crawford family, were to become the Tennessee Central. The lines were reorganized in 1902 and renamed the Tennessee Central Railroad. Several versions of this name were used over a period of some thirty years, until the final name, Tennessee Central Railway, was adopted in 1922. The line expanded slowly and piecemeal to the west and north of Nashville during this period, falling into receivership twice, in 1897 and 1912, on the latter occasion operating in technical insolvency for ten years. Baxter died in 1904, leaving as his heritage the now completed TC, which was unfortunately heavily burdened with debt. Although the company was operating "in the black", they were unable to meet their bonded indebtedness, which was incurred from the building of the line.  In 1905, the TC was leased for three years to the IC west of Nashville and the Southern east of Nashville. Due to unprofitable operations, neither line opted to renew their lease. In 1922, a group of investors led by Paul M. Davis bought the railroad at a diesel-electric locomotive switcher was brought to Nashville in 1939 by the TC. The Tennessee Central endured for over 80 years in the face of very tough odds, and played a considerable part in the economic development of its service region.  It is still remembered fondly by many people in the small towns it served as "The Route of Personal Service," and is commemorated by a namesake institution, the Interstate 440 loop south of downtown Nashville, which sits on the old Tennessee Central right-of-way, purchased by the state in the railroad's last years. The trackage between Monterey and Crossville was dismantled by the L&N in the 1980s, which has proven problematic to recent advocates of the restoration of passenger train service between Nashville and Knoxville.  The Lebanon, approximately 30 miles east of Nashville, with occasional runs to points somewhat further east over the former L&N owned TC trackage.  The N&E once participated in the operation of the Broadway Dinner Train out of Nashville. Today it hosts the Music City Star commuter rail service between Nashville and Lebanon. In 2000, the Ashland City, which was on the portion originally sold to the IC, but later operated by numerous short lines.  The Cumberland River Bicentennial Trail extends approximately 14 miles west from Ashland City on the old TC roadbed.  Eventually the Dept. of Defense took over the operation of the old TC from Hopkinsville to Fort Campbell.  The rest of the TC line between the Trail's end and Fort Campbell has been abandoned.