'''Edge Hill Edge Hill in Liverpool, England. There have been two stations of that name. The first was located a short distance to the southwest of the present station and its remains are still visible, although the site is not open to the public. Edge Hill is the first station after departure from Lime Street. Only trains operated by Northern Rail call at this station. The first station, which opened on 15 September, 1830,  was located in a deep sandstone cutting, with three tunnels at the west end. The largest bore, in the centre, was the Wapping Tunnel, a long incline leading to Wapping Dock. The goods wagons descended by gravity, but were hauled up by a winding engine. When first opened, it was whitewashed, lit by gas, and used as a promenade by visitors. There were engine sheds and workshops cut into the rock either side of the station area, entered by transverse tracks accessed by turnplates. The station area was rarely used for passengers, but rather for the marshalling of trains and the coupling and uncoupling of locomotives. The decision to divert passenger traffic, by means of a new tunnel to Lime Street Station from Edge Hill resulted in the construction of a new station further north at Edge Hill at the tunnel portal. Both Crown Street and the old station then became goods stations. Crown Street was used as a coal and agricultural goods terminal.  The new station was opened in 1836. Trains descended to Lime Street by gravity, being rope-hauled by a winding engine back up to Edge Hill. However, this practice soon became redundant. The northernmost tunnel is the Lime Street Station. The station consists of two island platforms, each with an original building dating from 1836. This is therefore one of the oldest railway stations still operating, although the former Liverpool Road station in Manchester is the oldest surviving station building. Though the station is staffed, it is somewhat lacking in passenger facilities such as shelter and seating. Art exhibitions are held on the approach road to the Southern island platform. An arts centre called Metal now occupies part of the building on the Manchester-bound platform. Edge Hill lies on both the northern and southern routes of the Manchester Victoria and Warrington Bank Quay. There is also an hourly service on the southern branch to Manchester Oxford Road via Warrington Central. All services are operated by Northern Rail. Edge Hill is a haven for rail enthusiasts. There is a large freight yard operated by EWS, which mostly sees Class 60 locomotives, as a change from that company's more ubiquitous Class 66s. The yards are also home to a number of track maintenance units, some of which have not been moved for two decades.