Dinasti ini telah ditubuhkan sebagai akibat Burgundy Perancis pada 1515. Anak lelaki mereka René mewarisi pada 1530 Kerajaan Orange dari saudara ibunya, Philibert dari Châlon. Sebagai Nassau pertama untuk menjadi Putera Orange, Rene dapat menggunakan "Orange-Nassau" sebagai nama keluarga barunya. Meskipun demikian, bapa saudaranya, dalam wasiatnya, telah mensyaratkan yang René meneruskan penggunaan nama Châlon-Orange. Sejarah lalu mengenalinya sebagai René dari Châlon. Selepas kematian René pada 1544 sepupunya William dari Nassau-Dillenburg mewarisi kesemua tanahnya. "William I dari Orange" ini menjadi pengasas Rumah Orange-Nassau. Rumah Orange-Nassau berakar dari Barisan Otton. Orang kedua adalah Engelbert I, yang memberikan perkhidmatannya kepada Breda as the core of the Dutch possessions. Kepentingan keluarga Nassau berkembang di sepanjang kurun ke-15 dan ke-16. Charles of Ghent pada mulanya kurun ke-16. Hendrik telah diganti oleh anak lelakinya René of Châlon-Orange pada 1538, yang, seperti nama penuhnya dinyatakan, Putera dari Orange. Apabila René meninggal dunia secara belum waktunya pada 1544 harta miliknya diwasiatkan ke sepupunya, William I of Orange. Sejak iulah ahli keluarga menggelarkan diri mereka "Orange-Nassau." Lihat juga Adolf dari Jerman The Dutch Republic was attacked by France and England in 1672. The military function of stadtholder was no longer superfluous, and with the support of the Mary Stuart, the daughter of the future king Queen Anne. As king of the enlightened despot. In 1830 Belgium declared its independence and William fought a disastrous war until 1839 when he was forced to settle for peace. With his realm halved, he decided to abdicate in 1840. Royal power was curbed during the reign of his son William II in a constitution ordered by the King to prevent the Revolution of 1848 from spreading to his country. William III had a rather unhappy marriage with Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont in 1879. One year later, Queen Emma gave birth to their daughter and the royal heiress, Wilhelmina. Since females were not allowed to hold power in Luxembourg, due to the "Juliana. The Dutch royal house remained quite small until the latter 1930s and the early 1940s, during which Juliana gave birth to four children. Although the House of Orange died out in its male line with the death of Queen Wilhelmina, the name "Orange" continues to be used by the Dutch royalty. Nevertheless, Queen Wilhelmina became a symbol of the Dutch resistance during bicycling through the cities and the countryside under Juliana. A royal marriage policy quarrel occurred starting in 1966, when the future Queen Beatrix decided to marry Claus von Amsberg, a German diplomat. The marriage of a member of the royal family to a German was quite controversial in the Netherlands, which had suffered under Nazi German occupation in 1940 - 45. This reluctance to accept a German consort probably was exacerbated by Herr Amsberg's former membership in the Hitler Youth under the Nazi regime in his native country, and also his following service in the German Wehrmacht. Permission was needed from the civilian Government for Beatrix to marry anyone, but after some argument, it was granted. As the years went by, and Prince Claus was fully accepted by the Dutch people. In time, became one of the most popular members of the Dutch monarchy, and his death in 2002 was widely mourned. After a long struggle with neurological illiness, Queen Juliana died on March 20, 2004, and her husband, Prince Bernhard, died on December 1 of that same year.