As an adult Olsen has expressed that portraying Cindy made peer relations difficult for her as a child. Olsen has said that the episode she dislikes the most is the "tattletale" episode in which Cindy snitches on her brothers and sisters. Because of the episode, she was shunned by her real-life peers who did not understand the difference between actors and their characters. Olsen has appeared in all "Brady Bunch" reunion movies, with the exception of A Very Brady Christmas in 1988, because she was on her honeymoon with her first husband.  In that movie, Cindy Brady was played by Jennifer Runyon. On Sunday, April 22, 2007, Olsen and her fellow cast members were honored with the TV Pop Culture Awards on the TV Land Awards.  It was noted that this is the first award that the Brady Bunch has ever won. She appeared on Cartoon Network's talk show Space Ghost Coast to Coast in its twenty-sixth episode "Switcheroo" with Cassandra Peterson as "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark". Olsen has also been an advocate for migraine sufferers since 1998.  She described her headaches on Larry King Live. An urban legend claimed that Olsen had become an adult film star. On a late 1990s television interview, Olsen herself stated on-camera that her "porn" connection was that she created space ship sound effects for a porn film called "Love Probe From a Warm Planet". She did this as a favor for a friend who worked in the technical side of the business. She also went on to state that perhaps the legend got started because the star of a porn film "Crocodile Blondee" which was widely distributed among troops during the Persian Gulf Crisis, was rumoured to be her. She added that since the porn star was very pretty, she didn't try too hard to dispel the rumours. In the Fall of 2008, Olsen appeared on Fox Reality's Gimme My Reality Show, in which celebrities compete to win their own reality show. Susan used this show to make a statement about animal rescue, a cause with which she is involved. On June 6, 2009, Olsen thanked retired game show host and current animal rights activist Bob Barker when The Bradys accepted an honor at the GSN Game Show Awards. Olsen is an animal welfare advocate and volunteers with Precious Paws, a rescue group. Susan takes care of unweaned homeless kittens until they are old enough to adopt.   Olsen's coffee table book Love to Love You Bradys, with co-author Ted Nichelson, celebrates the The Brady Bunch Variety Hour. In addition to many color photos and artwork, the book features over 100 interviews including the Brady Bunch, Sid Krofft, Marty Krofft, Sherwood Schwartz, Bruce Vilanch, Rip Taylor, and Paul Shaffer. In September 2010, Olsen made a guest appearance on The Young and the Restless playing Mrs. Liza Morton, a pre-school owner. She stays in touch periodically with all the cast members, and in 2007 headlined a mother-daughter cruise to Greece for Princess Cruises with her TV mom, Florence Henderson.