Originally, Hössi would sing, while Steini would rap, but when Sölvi heard Hössi rap, he decided that his musical group would have two rappers. The three men had wanted to create MC names for themselves, but had trouble coming up with anything decent according to Sölvi except for the name Quarashi, which means "supernatural" in Arabic, which was suggested by Steini. Quarashi was Steini's nickname as a skater, and was spray-painted all over the walls and streets in Reykjavík. The three decided that Quarashi was a better name for their group than their original name, and so, in 1996, in a garage in a house in Reykjavík, Iceland, Quarashi was formed. Unlike Switchstance, Steini and Hössi traded verses on most of the songs, whereas Stoney rapped more on Switchstance than Hössi. 6,000 copies of "The Egg Album" were made, and all soon sold, the album going gold in Iceland. Like Switchstance, it is rare to find a copy of Quarashi, but the CD is found on eBay every once in a while. Quarashi were now stars in their homeland, becoming one of Iceland's hottest musical acts, performing sold-out shows all over the small nation. Their mix of catchy rap songs fused with rock, funk, and techno, accompanied by the smooth, but sometimes silly and nonsensical rhymes from Hössi and Stoney garnered love from both fans and critics alike. Quarashi toured all over Iceland to support the album, including performances as the opening act for both The Fugees and The Prodigy, and then took a brief hiatus from making music in 1998. In February 2000, Quarashi began negotiations with record labels, wrote some new songs, and performed shows for record executives. During one of these shows at the New York City club, Brownies, a stage monitor blew up, nearly causing a riot, which added to the appeal of Quarashi in the record executives eyes. On 27 April 2000, it was announced that Quarashi had signed a deal with EMI Music Resources, giving the group creative control. Soon after, they were signed to independent record label, Time Bomb Recordings. On 31 August 2000, Quarashi announced that they had signed with Sony Music Entertainment Incorporated under the Brendan O'Brien, who was the recording director for the The Battle of Los Angeles, and Renegades''. Quarashi moved to New York City to begin making their American debut album. Quarashi's first single from their American debut album, "Stick 'Em Up", was released in February 2002 to much fanfare. The music video, which was a parody of the film Snatch, was in heavy rotation on Jinx''. Jinx received mixed reviews. Some critics loved the group's eclectic mix of rap, rock, funk, and techno, while others saw the group as ripoffs of other, more successful rap/rock acts like the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart, and despite Jinx receiving praise from several critics, Jinx débuted at Number 104 on the Billboard 200 albums chart, and then fell 40 spots to Number 144 one week later. Jinx'' never cracked the Top 40. Quarashi encountered some problems during their time at Columbia Records. For one, complications in their contract delayed the release of Jinx. Originally scheduled for release in January 2001, the album was pushed back to February 2002, then March 2002, before finally being released that April. Another problem Quarashi encountered was that they were marketed as a Rap-rock band, when they were actually a rap group that used rock and punk guitar riffs, funk samples and techno beats in their songs. While Quarashi is seen in Iceland as unique and creative, in America, which has a market filled with rap-rock bands such as 311, P.O.D., and Linkin Park, Quarashi was seen as nothing more but a generic, unoriginal rap-rock band, designed to cash in on the slowly declining rap-rock genre. Despite Quarashi stating in numerous interviews that they were, in fact, not a rap-rock band, they were still considered one by both critics and the American public. Because of this point of view, and because of Columbia Records' weak marketing of Quarashi, the group faltered in the U.S. By November 2002, promotion for Jinx had ended, and the group quietly faded away into obscurity in America. After the Vans Warped Tour ended, Quarashi began a tour of Japan, where were more successful. Japan is only second to Iceland in terms of Quarashi fans, with the Jinx album being a huge hit in "The Land Of The Rising Sun". The Q boys then travelled to Australia and then Europe, but were only moderately successful on those continents. After spending the summer and fall of 2002 performing around the world, Quarashi took a break  in Reykjavík. In the end, Jinx ended up selling a little more than 100,000 copies in America. While this was considered a success by the boys of Quarashi, it was looked at as a huge disappointment by Sony, as the album failed to make Quarashi the mega-successful rap-rock group they were banking on. Because of this, rumours started circulating that Quarashi was going to be dropped from Columbia Records. Meanwhile, Hössi Ólafsson was growing tired of being a member of an internationally touring musical act, and let it be known to his fellow Quarashi members that he was thinking of leaving. He also claimed that he was forgetting how to speak Icelandic due to being away from Iceland for long periods of time. Quarashi disappeared again in the fall of 2003, as they continued their search for a replacement for Hössi. Then that fall, Sölvi heard a song called "Straight Execution" by an underground rapper from Iceland. The moment Blöndal heard this song, he knew he had found the newest member of Quarashi. Blöndal had seen this rapper before, as he had been a judge in a freestyle rap competition which this rapper had competed in. Sölvi had been impressed when he heard this rapper freestyle in the competition, and he was impressed when he heard this song. So, Sölvi called the rapper on the phone, and told him that he wanted to work with him. The rapper worked with Quarashi for some time, before Quarashi decided to add him to the group. Many fans thought that "Race City" would be the first single off of Quarashi's next album, but the song was later taken off the album when Sölvi decided that "Race City" didn't reflect the new direction Quarashi was taking. Now, it is considered by fans to be a song made to introduce Tiny to the world. "Race City" was still released as a single, reaching Number 1 on the Icelandic Alternative Singles chart. Following the 24 November première of the "Race City" music video, the Q boys went back to work, rehearsing and writing songs in their Reykjavík studio, with a goal to release an album by the end of 2004. Anticipation was running high, and Quarashi would only heightened the anticipation by opening their on-line blog, which would serve as their official website, in December of 2003. Quarashi would update their blog several times a day with new messages, pictures, and videos that would show their progress in the making of their new record. On 24 February 2004, the rumours about Quarashi's future at Columbia Records/Time Bomb Recordings came true as it was announced that Columbia Records had dropped Quarashi from the label due to the disappointing sales of Jinx. Quarashi was also released from their EMI Publishing contract. Quarashi announced that they would search for a new record label that would release their albums all over the world. The change in direction was met with mixed reviews. Some fans feared that the more hip-hop oriented sound would make Quarashi sound like American mainstream rappers, and therefore, take away their appeal. Other fans loved the change, feeling that after doing four albums in seven years which had similar sounds, a similar style, and similar lyrics, that it was time for Quarashi to head in a new direction. Whether or not fans liked the changes, one thing they all agreed on was that Steini should have appeared on the album. Steini had chosen not to participate on the new Quarashi record in order to concentrate on his solo career. Stoney told the fans that even though he didn't participate on the album, and was working on a solo album, he was still a member of Quarashi. Guerilla Disco was another hit album for Quarashi in Iceland. 6,000 copies of Guerilla Disco were made, and all 6,000 copies were sold in 10 days after its release. The success of Guerilla Disco proved to Quarashi that the fans were okay with the more hip-hop oriented sound, gangsta rap vibe, and more meaningful lyrics with a little bit of a Quarashi "edge" added in. It also proved to them that Quarashi fans were okay with Tiny being in the group. Other tracks on the first album with Tiny onboard included "Pro", "Brass Knuckles", and "Dead Man Walking". Quarashi's final concert was on 15 April 2005, in Akureyri, Iceland. In a July 2009 interview with the Quarashi fan blog, QuarashiMusic, Tiny revealed that Steini a.k.a. Stoney had already quit the group before Omar made his intentions to leave known. The interview further elaborated on the breakup, with Tiny saying that by the time he joined Quarashi in 2003, the rest of the group had begun losing interest in making music together, and that lack of interest only grew over the course of making Guerilla Disco and performing live to promote it. By the time promotion for Guerilla Disco had ended, The Q boys had no desire to carry on as a group any longer. For a short time, rumours circulated that Sölvi Blöndal had signed a deal with Sony to release Guerilla Disco in the U.S.A. in September 2005. This was been confirmed as false by Omar Swarez on the official Quarashi messageboard. Tiny is currently in college. After briefly pursuing a solo career in Iceland, Tiny now raps as a member of the group, Musik Zoo. Hössi Ólafsson is still involved in the Icelandic entertainment industry. He appeared in an Icelandic comedy film in 2004, and has also written several articles for Icelandic newspapers. In 2006, Ólafsson joined the Icelandic alternative pop band, Ske, as their lead singer. In 2008, a fansite advertised for a new Quarashi CD, Demos & B-Sides.  The new CD is fan-created, but will have rare, unreleased, live, as well as demos and b-side tracks.  The CD was released January 27, 2009. This was the group's lineup from 2003 until their breakup in 2005. Hössi Ólafsson founded the group with Sölvi and Steini in 1996, and served as the lead vocalist and frontman, but left in 2002. Egill Olafur Þorarensen replaced Ólafsson as a member of the group in 2003.