At about 1AM on the March 6 1945 the radio asked people to build barricades and in one night there was over one thousand of them created. The resistance managed to seize half of the city before Germans managed to react. But the next hours were criticall, because rebels were running out of ammo and had only a few AT weapons while Germans had a lot of tanks at their disposal. Many people died for nothing, because American army had already been in Pilsen while Russians still had some hundred of kilometers to go. Saeid Nourian  is a Ph.D. candidates in the Computer Science Department, working in the DISCOVER Laboratory under supervision of Prof. Nicolas D.Georganas. A Gnooly is a fictional creature created by Roald Dahl for the children's book, Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator. The beings are described as invisible demons who devour "Minused" souls and visitors to Minus Land, where the creatures abide. With Willy Wonka's new Wonka-Vite invention that allows people to gain twenty years of their life back, it seems as if he was actually the one to create Minus Land and the Gnoolies for when someone overdosed on the pills and lost more years than they had actually lived. In the book, after Grandma Georgina overdosed and became "Minused" by two years, Charlie and Willy had to travel far below the factory to Minus Land to try and "plus" her by using the "Vita-Wonk" spray, another medicine that Willy invented to give the taker of Wonka-Vite back the years they had lost. Minus Land, as described by Charlie, is "like a hell without heat." It's a misty and foggy domain where the invisible Gnoolies live, ready to wolf down the next person who enters their realm. "Gnooly" is pronounced the same way "newly" is. The "G" is silent. Lady Esca An alternative treatment for severe menstrual bleeding, now used as an alternative to a hysterectomy in women around the age of menopause. TheCoffinRobber is an online gamer.  His real name is Seth Reineke.  He currently plays The Kingdom of Loathing.  He used to play Utopia and Runescape.  He is a forum member at www.terrygoodkind.com - www.utopianthievesguild.com - www.utopiatemple.com -- www.orderofavalon.com -- www.gamewinners.com and others that he can't think of now. An indie record label. www.retarddisco.com An indie band. www.retarddisco.com www.totallyradd.com An indie video game band. www.retarddisco.com www.14yearoldgirls.net Nayan thara is a leading South Indian actress, who has acted in hit movies in Malayalam,  Tamil and Telugu and she is one the most Popular and Best Actress of South India. She has done good roles in both languages, and made herself a reputed name in the South Indian Film Industry. Allaahu 'alam means Allah knows best. This phrase is commonly used by muslims all over the world when they are asked about an isssue they are not quite sure of. For instance it is common to have the phrase at the end of fataawa - islamic rulings. -Do you know if Abu Bakr needs this fishing rod? -Allahu 'Alam, better ask him before you borrow it. -Do you know where Abdus Salam is? -Allahu 'Alam Sahih muslim - book of faith - no. 46 His main fields of specialization were Neurobiochemistry and Clinical Biochemistry.His contributions on neurochemistry are well recognized and he had been invited to deliver lectures in various prestigious conferences.Professor Raj Shankar's contribution is in developmental neurobiology with special reference to undernutrition during brain growth spurt period.His work had clearly established that undernutrition during brain development causes some irreversible changes.In 1991,work carried out in Texas and Yale with Magnetic Resonance Imaging by other workers confirmed some of the conclusions of Prof Shankar's work.Work done during last few years on developing brain show that signal transduction mechanisms are affected due to nutritional stress during brain development.Professor Shankar's other work involved biochemical aspects of mode of action of drugs on C.N.S.Apart from work on reserpine done earlier and published in NATURE and BIOCHEMICAL PHARMACOLOGY,in 1987  he established that the barbiturate pentobarbitone affects protein phosphorylation in brain.This work is significant from the point of view of views on signal transduction.His work also concerned with mode of action of drugs like haloperidol and trifluoperazine.Professor Shankar's work in clinical biochemistry was mainly concerned with lipoprotein metabolism.Professor Shankar has over 50 publications in international and national Journals of repute. He and Alan Francis wrote the play "Jeffrey Dahmer Is Unwell", taking it to the Edinburgh Festival in 1995. Dr. Twister was once a documentor of several MMORPG exploits. Although many suspected his intent was to ruin these games, he ran under the premise that these companies needed to be held accountable for their sub-par products. While his approach was disliked, it has become an unignorable point of debate among MMORPG enthusiasts that still holds truth today. During his heyday, there were only a couple MMORPGs around. It was common for MMORPG developers to not properly test or update their games. This meant that critical bugs were found quite often. Some of those exploits would remain for long periods of time. Essentially, Dr. Twister forced these exploits into the limelight, putting a lot of pressure on developers to get them fixed. Sorry, but I forgot his old url. If anyone remembers, check web archive. Ferentari were exposed by London Times reporter Nigel Wellington.  Wellington conducted interviews with former members of the gang for his article in the paper. The Cretan runners performed amazing feats and made essential contributions to the British operations in the Mediterranean.  Pheidippides who in 490 B. C. ran  42, 195 km from the battle of Marathon to tell about the victory over the Persians died just after delivering his message. In comparison Georgios Psychoundakis ran from Kissamos on the North Western coast of Crete to the Paleochora in one night. The distance along the present main road is 70 km. Trough the wild and rugged landscape with deep ravines, where he had to run to avoid the Germans, the distance may be three times this. After the war Georgios Psychoundakis became a coal burner Cretan mountains to support his family until his book was published in 1955. It is translated to a number of foreign languages. He later wrote "The Eagles Nest" which deals with the life and customs in Cretan mountain villages. This book has so far not been translated to a foreign language. Georgios Psychoundakis’ may be greatest achievement is his translation of Homers works from old Greek language to Cretan dialect. Seen on the background of about his two or three years of  occasional village education, this is remarkable. He lives today in the outskirt of Xania overlooking the Souda Bay. Preston High School is an all-girls Catholic high school in the Throgs Neck neighborhood of the Bronx, New York City. A Blue Slip is an opinion written by a Senator from state of residence of a federal judicial nominee. Both Senators from the state are sent a blue slip in which they may submit a favorable or unfavorable opinion of a nominee. They may also choose not to submit one. The Senate Judiciary Committee takes Blue Slips highly into consideration whether or not to confirm a nominee. It is a means through which the practice of senatorial courtesy is carried out. Celtic prepare for National League Three with major coaching appointment Dewsbury Celtic will be seeking to build on last year’s successful switch to summer rugby when they play in National League Three in 2006.   Competing in a ten-team league with fellow new boys Featherstone Lions, Celtic will build on last year’s experience in travelling to development areas such as St Albans, Hemel and Gateshead, as well as competing against local rivals Bramley Buffaloes and Bradford Dudley Hill.   The season starts on 26th February with the group stage of the Northern Rail Cup, where Celtic are paired with Bramley and Warrington Wizards.  The league programme kicks off on 15th April with a home fixture against Hemel Stags. In preparation for the new season Celtic have appointment ed  former England Lionhearts coach and performance director Lee Addison as Head Coach for the forthcoming National League 3 season. Lee commences his role with immediate effect and will hold his first training session with the team on Thursday 5th Jan. He is also meeting players earlier in the week to outline his plans for the forthcoming season. Lee has already amassed excellent experience as a coach and was recently appointed as one of six elite coaches on the RFL development camp. He has also had a successful two year spell as England Students Head Coach and was Doncaster Dragons Under 21’s Senior Academy Head Coach in 2005.   Chairman Tom O'Donovan commented "We are pleased to welcome Lee to the club. He is a young, talented, ambitious coach who already has experience of the summer game at a high level. All at the club are excited by the prospects for the coming season. Celtic have committed to the summer game and have gathered a young squad with genuine quality for the 2006 season. We are confident that the combination of a young and ambitious coach and playing squad will reap great dividends for the club"   Lee himself commented "I am well and truly delighted to be joining an ambitious and forward thinking club such as Dewsbury Celtic. The club is currently run by people who have a huge pedigree in the game and their enthusiasm is infectious. I can't wait to get started and I'm glad to be part of it. Dewsbury Celtic have made some huge transitions in recent times and it is for us all to concentrate on establishing Dewsbury Celtic as a summer club and building a solid base for the future. It's an exciting few months and years ahead!" The top 10 mayors of World Mayor 2005 Rank Mayor City Country  1  Dora Bakoyannis Athens Greece  2  Hazel McCallion Mississauga Canada  3  Alvaro Arzú Guatemala City Guatemala  4  Oscar Samson Rodriguez San Fernando Philippines  5  Gavin Newsom San Francisco USA  6  Michael Häupl Vienna Austria  7  Christian Ude Munich Germany  8  Fernando Damata Pimentel Belo Horizonte Brazil  9  Shirley Franklin Atlanta USA  10  John So Melbourne Australia "Min izāmō" is the Livonians. It was written  by  Korli Stalte, a famous Livonian poet and became the national anthem of Livonians, an almoust extinct people in Latvia. We will also need the inverse metric tensor, which in this case would be obtained by treating the tensor as a matrix and inverting the matrix. or Now that we have postulated the metric tensor, we have a lot of algebra to do in order to arrive at the Einstein tensor.  The first thing to calculate are all of the connection symbols. Note that first derivatives occur in the formula for the connection symbol.  These are expressions that are going to be replaced by finite differenced first derivative expressions.  We will talk about the numerical aspects of this problem later. Note that second derivatives occur in the first set of brackets.  These are expressions that are going to be replaced by finite differenced second derivative expressions. There will be 4 x 4 = 16 such tensor components.  Each one will involve a sum of 4 x 4 = 16 terms. To get this far, in terms of writing out useful finite difference expressions, a tremendous amount of algebra is required!  Probably, this is too much algebra to write down by hand, or even to code by hand.  There will be an awful lot more before we are finished.  It is suggested that the user code this expressions within a symbollic computation program such as Maple.  One would start by coding the metric tensor exactly as we defined it at the start.  One would then calculate the inverse metric tensor by simply calculating the inverse of the matrix, possibly using Kramer's Rule, or possibly using a built-in matrix inversion function.  Note that calculating the inverse metric tensor alone is probably too much algebra to do by hand.  Then, each set of tensor elements may be symbollically coded, until one finally has got symbollic expressions for all 4 x 4 = 16 components of the Einstein tensor.  Next, all occurrences of first and second derivatives must be replaced with finite differenced expressions, which we will discuss toward the end of this article. Eventually, we will end up with a residual tensor, and we will want to convert the symbollic expressions for all related elements to computer code, such as fortran 77.  This is one good reason to use Maple.  Maple is capable of automatically converting symbollic expressions to optimized code.  The result will be code that is not human-readable.  However, the Maple worksheet that has led to the auto-code will hopefully be somewhat human-readable, for error checking purposes. We have got about half the material we need to formulate the Einstein equations, namely, the Einstein tensor.  The second half of the material is the energy-momentum tensor for an electromagnetic field. where G is the Universal Constant of Gravitation. The second Maxwell equation, however, is considerably simpler and does not contain any such troublesome term.  We will therefore use the latter simpler version of this equation. At this point we have covered all of the fundamental mathematics that is required.  Next, we move on to describe how this problem would be solved numerically. The fundamental mathematics that has been covered so far is straight out of any of the accepted texts in general relativity. The obvious initial conditions are flat space and zero fields, the same as those given above, but imposed initially at all grid points. The source current geometry is most likely the only geometry that needs to be specified.  An interesting source current geometry might be a hoop current, or two hoop currents, separate by a given distance, or possibly a helix current. The source current magnitude could be any function in time.  It could be a non-zero constant value for all time.  It could ramp up over an initial time interval and then stay constant at a non-zero value for all time there-on.  There might be many interesting source current magnitude patterns that could be studied.  In any event, at every point in 4D space where a non-zero source current direction vector resides, an appropriate source current magnitude should be specified. We might want the hoop current, or the helix current, or whatever, to encircle a metal military hardware structure like a ship or an airplane.  However, we may most likely ignore the geometry and the composition of such a metal structure, for purposes of our simulation.  In order to bend space, we will need very very strong source current magnitudes.  The very very strong electromagnetic fields that will arise as a result, will most likely take the magnetization of any metal structure way past magnetic saturation, so that for purposes of computation, the metal structure may be neglected. Our system of nonlinear algebraic equations could very well contain 2.2 billion variables.  For a smaller problem, we might attempt a numerical solution using a Newton nonlinear method.  However, in order to use this class of methods, we would need to formulate a Jacobian matrix, and we would need to solve it often.  However, for a problem size on the order of 2 billion, the Jacobian matrix is likely to contain on the order of a trillion non-zero entries.  Such a matrix would most likely be too large for early 21st century computers. Perhaps a time-marching scheme as simple as the Runge Kutta Method would work here.  Perhaps an adaptive Runge Kutta algorithm would be required, though perhaps a simple dumb Runge Kutta algorithm would work. If the set of equations turned out to be a stiff set of equations, then a solution might be impossible for early 21st century computers.  A time-marching scheme for stiff systems requires a Jacobian, and then we are right back to the practical limitations that made the Newton nonlinear class of methods impractical. Assuming that we do end up with a numerical solution to this problem, we will need to map the warped space in order to be able to view a 3D projection of it.  A suitable 3D projection could be the bent paths that light rays take through the 3D space, at each and every time frame.  In fact, the mappings for each time frame could be strung together into a movie so that we could watch how the space warps as time advances.  This could be particularly interest if we were using a source current magnitude that ramped up from zero to a very high value strong enough to warp space. The geodesic equation would perhaps also be solved using a Runge Kutta Method. The body of math covered in this article would be laborious, but also straightforward, to use to construct a numerical solution of the general electromagnetic field problem arising from an arbitrary source current density distribution.  The math would be useful for a very general class of applied physics problems. However, it is hoped that this body of math will be used one day soon to clear up the mystery that has surrounded the conjectures that have been made for decades now on the Philadelphia Experiment.  The math covered in this article is the genuine science behind the science fiction.  A numerical solution of this problem would clarify for the world, once and for all, what would have really happened over the course of the experiment. My own conjecture is that the math will demonstrate that the source current magnitude that it takes to bend space significantly enough for the unusual effects of general relativity to occur, would be so large that they could not be generated by man-made machinery on Earth.  Quite possibly, it is only current magnitudes on the astrophysical scale, such as spinning charged stars or black holes, that will prove to be large enough. This, however, does not make this body of math useless for man-made applications.  it is quite possible that the very small general relativistic effects arising from small current source magnitudes, do or will carry some importance in the development of novel technologies. On a practical note, in order for a computer to hold 2.2 billion variables in memory, with each variable being a 32 bit real number, the computer would have to have 70.4 Gigs of RAM.  The time-marching schemes like the Runge Kutta methods, typically require that 5 or so copies of the solution vector be held in memory at any one time.  For 5 copies of the solution vector, the computer would have to have 352 Gigs of RAM, meaning that for good measure this amount of memory should be doubled, so that a computer having on the order of 700 Gigs of RAM would be necessary to solve this problem. That is one powerful and mighty computer that is required.  But this is, after-all, the 21st century, and these are the sorts of applied physics problems that it is time to attempt. Cahdok is one of the Bahrag,Cahdok and Gahdok.The Bahrag telepathically command the krana. I am also againt racist people and my children are racist! What should I do? ---- Julie from Howard Beach -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- After the "Second War World II" it was baned to use name of Obilic in country. Because, football club had name "Cuburac" till 1952, and in year 1952/53 "Cuburac" and "Sumadija" made a compact and return the name "Milos Obilic". That year club started in I"B" level. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- First big success is coming ten years ago. With good results, he is coming to "third level", and member of "second level" became in sesaon 1991/92. In "stage two" Obilic became in season 1993/94. Then in FC Obilic is coming new leader of the club, Zeljko Raznatovic. He is making a reconstruction of the club, he is making a new stadium, and he brought big energy and spirit of winners. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- In season 1996/97 Obilic is first in second division with many, many pts. ahead the second place team, and big difference between other clubs. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- New team in first division, but for Obilic that is not a problem. In his first season, he persist battle against "Red star" and "Partizan", an he won championship, first time in history of the club. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Shane Dwyer famous Nigerian actor, star of Osuofia In London. LaBrandon Toefield is an American Football Player for the Jackosnville Jaguars. He is a backup running back for the great Fred Taylor.