Ha'il è in gran parte una città agricola, con una significativa capacità produttiva di  grano, preislamica Hatim al-Ta'i, la cui prodigale ospitalità divenne proverbiale anche in età islamica. L'apertura della ferrovia del Hijaz tra Damasco e Medina, insieme con la nuova economica linea marittima per Gedda, colpì a morte l'economia tradizionale legata al commercio carovaniero su dromedario che aveva caratterizzato fino ad allora Ha'il. L'ultimo Emiro degli Āl Rashīd fu esautorato da ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz b. Saʿūd nel 1921. Ibn Saʿūd dette allora l'ordine di distruggere il Palazzo Barzan e impartì anche il comando ai capi degli Āl Rashīd e degli Al Sabhan di lasciare Hā'il per raggiungere Riyad, e investì un appartenente a ognuna delle due famiglie della funzione di Emiro temporaneo nella persona di Ibrāhīm b. Sālim Āl Sabhān per assicurarsi la lealtà degli abitanti di Hā'il e degli Shammar, perché tenessero bene a mente che nessun altro cambiamento di rilievo avrebbe avuto luogo. Oggi Hā'il è al centro del programma agricolo dell'Arabia Saudita e gran parte della raccolta di frumento del regno proviene dall'area che circonda la città. The son of the third amir of Ottoman allies were unpopular and weakening. In 1904 the young Ibn Saud, the founder of Saudi Arabia, returned from exile with a small force and retook Riyadh. Abdulaziz died in the battle of Rawdat Muhanna with Ibn Saud in 1906. A member of the Al Sabhan Family, cousins of the Al Rashid, Amir Zamil Al Sabhan was the uncle of the Rashidi ruler Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Rashid, and served as regent until the prince came of age. Ha'il was under increasing pressure from Ibn Saud during this period. A Saudi-Arabian-born professor of Social Anthropology at the department of Theology and Religious Studies in King's College London since 1994. She gives occasional lectures in the United States, Europe and the Middle East. She is working on religio-political debate in Saudi Arabia after 11 September. She has written several books and articles in academic journals on the Arabian Peninsula, Arab migration, globalisation and religious transnationalism. A goalkeeper. He played in four World Cups for the Saudi Arabia national team, and as of early 2007, he is the world record holder for most international appearances by a male footballer, with 181 caps for Saudi Arabia. He is the current captain of local club Al-Hilal. Made in the 1940s while prince Abdul-Aziz bin Musa'ad Al Saud held office in Ha'il province. It is a two-floor mud palace, 142.8x141.2 meters, its walls are 8.5m high, and it has eight watch-towers along with the wall with two main gates, eastern and western gates. The University has several campuses inside the city, as well as a new campus under construction, which is located to the north of the city and covers an area of more than 9,000,000 m².