In its early beginnings, the founding mothers of Sigma Phi Omega were invited by Chi Alpha Delta, an Asian-American sorority from UCLA, to become one of their chapters. Chi Alpha Delta had been chartered in 1928 at UCLA, but was rendered inactive between 1942 and 1945 because the majority of its members were unable to attend UCLA due to World War II. After the end of the war, the sorority was reorganized in 1946. However, the founding mothers decided to start their own organization. The Greek letters were chosen at random and were not used by any other existing fraternities or sororities at that time. Although Sigmas did not originate as a sorority, one could speculate that the choosing of Greek letters was a public way of voicing a dissatisfactory opinion about the treatment of Asian Americans, specifically Japanese Americans, by the campus and Greek organizations. Membership was primilary those of Japanese descent in the beginning, although it was open in membership. The New Member program was implemented in the late-1950s. While raising domestic violence awareness is Sigmas main philanthropy, the chapters also sponsors and participate in AIDS walks, Habitat for Humanity, Canning for Hunger, Girls Inc., various shelters, clean cities programs, and many more. Many members of Sigma Phi Omega are also individually involved within their own community through tutoring and mentoring programs for the disavantage and younger students, as well as through various volunteering programs. Service is one of the main pillars within the sisterhood of Sigma Phi Omega. They are proud to serve their communities and contribute to make a difference in each other's live and the lives of other. Since its founding, Sigma Phi Omega has established eight other chapters located in California and Texas. Sigma Phi Omega has helped young women adjust to college life for over fifty years. College is a time for new faces, endeavors, and experiences. Amongst this whirlwind of unfamiliarity, being in a sorority can help brighten your path and put things into perspective. It provides a base for lasting friendships and special memories. Sigma Phi Omega prides itself for its diversity in membership as we embrace the unique qualities and gifts each sister brings. Its alumni have gone onto successful careers in business, law, medicine, entertainment, and education. Although small in size, Sigma Phi Omega makes up for it in ensuring a close nit relationship between sister chapters. There are annual conventions held each summer as well as Mid-year Retreat, where sisters from different chapters gather to bring orders of business as well as bond. These conventions and retreats are hosted by the chapters in rotations.