Meanwhile, in Carpathia, a group of former French monks, Professor Lazlo deduces that there is a marker giving the partial location of the chalice in New Orleans. After their escape, Flynn and Simone take off for a night of fun through the town, and the two quickly form a romantic attachment. Flynn flees through a carnivale-styled party on the streets of New Orleans until he is cornered by Kubichek's men. Held at gunpoint with the visions wearing off, he is saved from death by Simone, who appears and mystically attacks Kubichek's henchmen by turning into mist and demonstrating super-strength. However, one of the men manages to shoot her in the chest with a shotgun blast, and Flynn, believing her to be dead, manages to use one of the fallen pistols to shoot out a gas pipe, strikes his thumb across a packet of matches and sets the gas on fire. This prevents Kubichek's henchman from getting close and gives Flynn enough time to carry Simone's body outside. After checking her vital signs and believing her to be dead, Flynn begins to grieve until she rises up next to him. In shock and feeling the after effects of the poison, he passes out. The following day, Flynn and Simone travel to the final resting place of the chalice, an old wrecked pirate ship once belonging to Newton's laws. After breaking free, Simone steals their boat, abandoning Flynn for his own good, and travels off to find Kubichek. Flynn, hurt but nonetheless determined, finds a way back to the mainland and tracks down Kubichek's hideout. Flynn and Simone find the hideout at the same time and confront each other's motives before being captured by Kubichek's men, who are getting ready to perform the resurrection ceremony over the body of Vlad Dracula. With Flynn and Simone secured, and their warnings falling on deaf ears, Kubichek performs the ceremony amidst gusting wind and thunder with no result. The body remains dead. Kubichek's remaining allies, Flynn, and Simone break away and begin to fight the vampires. As the former KGB agents sacrifice themselves to take care of their former comrades, the battle eventually leaves just Simone, Flynn, and Lazlo/Dracula. After several attempts to kill him, Flynn stumbles upon an Aspen tree, and tricks the overconfident Lazlo into walking into an improvised stake. Lazlo, dying, admits once again that Flynn would have made "one hell of an historian" before dying in a pillar of smoke and fire. Finally at peace, Simone resigns herself for death and asks Flynn to help her watch one last sunrise and she dies while the two are locked in eye contact.