A computer file is a block of arbitrary information, or resource for storing information, which is available to a storage. A file is durable in the sense that it remains available for programs to use after the current program has finished. Computer files can be considered as the modern counterpart of paper files, and this is the source of the term. For example, the file to which the link /bin/ls points in a typical Unix-like system probably has a defined size that seldom changed.  Compare this with /dev/null.  This is a file, but its size may be open to question. Many applications pack all their data files into a single file, using internal markers to discern the different types of information contained within. The data files used by games such as Doom and Quake are examples of this. In environments in which a file is named, a file's name and the path to the file's directory must uniquely identify it among all other files in the computer system—no two files can have the same name and path.  Where a file is anonymous, named references to it will exist within a namespace.  In most cases, any name within the namespace will refer to exactly zero or one file.  However, any file may be represented within any namespace by zero, one or more names. In physical terms, most computer files are stored on some type of data storage device. For example, there is a hard disk, from which most operating systems run and on which most store their files.  Hard disks are the most ubiquitous form of non-volatile storage at the start of the 21st century.  Where files contain only temporary information, they may be stored in RAM. Computer files may be stored on magnetic tape. Files can also be stored on other media in some cases, such as writeable compact discs, Digital Versatile Discs, Zip drives, USB flash drives, etc. There are many ways to back up files. Most computer systems provide utility programs to assist in the back-up process, which can become very time-consuming if there are many files to safeguard. Files are often copied to removable media such as writable CDs or cartridge tapes. Copying files to another hard disk in the same computer protects against failure of one disk, but if it is necessary to protect against failure or destruction of the entire computer, then copies of the files must be made on other media that can be taken away from the computer and stored in a safe, distant location. The grandfather-father-son backup method automatically makes three back ups, the grandfather file is the oldest copy of the file and the son is the current copy. File manager programs are utility programs that allow users to manipulate files directly. They allow you to move, create, delete and rename files and folders, although they do not actually allow you to read the contents of a file or store information in it. Every computer system provides at least one file-manager program for its native file system. Under Windows, the most commonly used file manager program is Windows Explorer.