二次大戰以降里茲製造業開始式微。1951年仍有一半人口從事製造業，但1971年只剩下三成；1971-81年間已流失了三成製造業職位。但是仍有一些大型工程公司設於里茲市。 里茲被英國官方評為英國營商環境最佳城市，主要以服務業為主流。以往里茲的製造業，早在二次大戰以後式微。里茲尤其以金融業稱著，地位僅次於首都倫敦。主要的服務業包括零售、客戶中心、寫字樓和傳媒機構。四分一人口從事金融業。 Leeds United were formed in 1919 on the bankruptcy of a previous club, Leeds City. Their first major trophies came in 1968 when they won the League Cup and the European Fairs Cup under the management of Don Revie. They won two league titles and an FA Cup before Revie left for the England team job in 1974. Their only major success since then was winning promotion to the top division in 1990 and then top division champions in 1992. Between 1982 and 1990 Leeds United were in the second tier of the English league, and returned to this level in 2004 following a financial crisis which almost resulted in bankruptcy. They narrowly missed out on a return to the Premiership in 2006, when losing the Championship play-off final 3-0 to Watford. However, following a poor season which culminated in administration and a resultant 10-point deduction they are to be relegated to the lowest position of their history - Football League One. Farsley Celtic and several other non-league clubs also represent the city. Super League champions on Old Trafford, Manchester. Unfortunately they lost the Grand Final to 2005. Hunslet Hawks, Bramley Buffaloes and  Leeds Akkies are other Leeds-based rugby league teams. Leeds City AC is amongst the biggest and most successful athletics clubs in the north of England and has had the most successful men's harriers section in the country in the 21st century. Since the turn of the millennium the team has never been out of the top 4 in the National Cross Country Championships, winning in 2003, 2006 and 2007. In 2006 and 2007 the team achieved the 'Grand Slam' of wins - Yorkshire, North of England and English National Champions. There are also a number of regular dedicated lifestyle magazines based in Leeds, most notably including 'The Leeds Guide' and 'Absolute Leeds', which both include regular nightlife listings and pages on Food & Drink, Shopping, Fashion, Property, Travel, Clubbing, Film and Rock & Pop in the city. Both magazines reflect the diversity of cultural life in Leeds and Yorkshire, with areas such as Art, Literature, Cinema, Comedy, Dance, Gay Scene, Classical Music, Opera, Jazz and Theatre all regularly represented. The Leeds Festival takes place every year in Bramham Park, having moved from Temple Newsam after pressure from some local residents. It features some of the biggest names in rock and indie music. The city is home to the Leeds International Piano Competition, held every three years since 1963, which has launched the careers of many major concert pianists. There is also the Leeds International Concert Season, the largest local authority music programme of any UK city outside London. Some of the first moving pictures in the world were taken in the city, by Louis Le Prince, of Leeds Bridge in 1888, and the first set of traffic lights in Yorkshire were installed on Park Row. Leeds has become known as the arcades connected by roofing the entirety of Queen Victoria Street with the Corn Exchange, The Light, The St John's Centre, The Merrion Centre Leeds, Crown Point, Birstall Retail Park and the White Rose Centre. In addition, there are 2 proposed shopping centres, namely the Harewood/Eastgate Quarter and Trinity Quarter. --> Chapeltown. Along with LFO, Juno on Sheffield's Warp Records and Leeds' Bassic Records. Dance band Utah Saints hit the top ten several times between 1991 and 1993. Leeds initially played host to the northern leg of the V Festival between 1996 and 1998 before the event moved to Weston Park, Staffordshire. In 2000, Leeds played host to the first and as of 2006 the only ever BBC Radio 1 Love Parade at Roundhay Park. Leeds is also home to the International Pianoforte Competition which is regarded highly.  It was established in 1963 by Fanny Waterman with the 15th competition in September 2006. --> 2006 had seen the two-day O2 Wireless Festival take place at Harewood House. Leeds plays host to many venues, currently including The Cockpit, Brudenell Social Club, The Faversham, The Hi-Fi club, The Wardrobe, The Irish Centre, Joseph's Well, The New Roscoe, The Vine and The Mixing Tin among others.