In addition, they owned advanced communication equipment, their own television and radio stations, and at least ten large commercial vessels. It was the LTTE's massive war chest that allowed it to succeed in the battlefront. The Liberation Tigers are the most organised and well controlled liberation movement in the world. The Liberation Tigers are a tightly knit organisation whose members do not indulge in alcohol, tobacco, unlawful sex, theft of private property or any other vices. They have established courts of justice, police, and other legal institutions within the areas under their control which help maintain law and order, while at the same time they are also involved in the social and economic development of the Tamils. The civil population is free to participate in all these activities. Even international activists of the LTTE have similar controls. The Tamil Eelam national leader Velupillai Prabhakaran insisted that all the international offices of the LTTE should function in accordance with the law of the individual country in which they find themselves. However, it has been unfortunate that representatives of the LTTE had been arrested in countries like Canada and Switzerland. Even though these actions are the direct result of the vicious propaganda of the Sri Lankan government, the LTTE has taken all legal measures in this regard. It is on the basis of this legal action that the LTTE's Swiss representative was recently released. In a unique report on the financial operations of the LTTE, Jane’s Intelligence Review reports that with financial and procurement structures well organised and strategically positioned around the globe, the group has a profit margin that would be the envy of any multinational corporation – more than 300 million per year. The Tamil Tigers is consequently the only known insurgent organisation with its own army, navy and now even a rudimentary air force, with access to financial resources and weapons giving it the luxury of introducing bold, new dimensions to the conflict. The Aiyanna Group functions as the group’s intelligence and operations body, likely to be responsible for monitoring and ensuring the organisation’s financial support and revenue streams, while the KP Department is most probably the LTTE’s procurement arm. In addition, the LTTE creates and staffs some charitable organisations, projecting its influence through this front to raise money from Tamil communities and, ultimately, convert the gains into arms. The Jane’s Intelligence Review report says that the system works as an efficient way to move funds wherever investment or procurement opportunities arise. Geographically, the LTTE use a myriad of methods to maintain this formidable, non-state support structure. The southern province of Tamil Nadu in India plays a pivotal role in LTTE procurement and has become an essential transit point in the LTTE arms, narcotics, and contraband smuggling. This would result in an estimated 350 million dollars per year for 25 years. This would mean that by 2009, around $9 billion had been collected from the diaspora. In their 24 year history of leading the liberation struggle, the Liberation Tigers have never indulged in any kidnapping of foreigners, holding them as ransom, threatening them or even causing damage to their property.But the Sri Lankan Government has threatened the Secretary General of the United Nations for his condemnation of the Sri Lankan Government for the massive displacement of the Tamil people by its military operations, threatened the M.S.F. for its condemnation of the Nagarkovil aerial bombing, and boycotted the conference in Colombo of non governmental organisations. Thus the Sri Lankan Government has not hesitated to take punitive measures against those countries and organisations which did not agree with the Government's genocidal policy against the Tamil people. The Government has enlisted the services of experts from the United States, United Kingdom and Israel for training its troops, and even used them in military operations. Unable to stand the growing influence of the Liberation Tigers in the international sphere and financial assistance given to them by Tamils living abroad, the Sri Lankan government has made established contacts with international terrorist organisations to hunt out and exterminate LTTE activists in foreign countries. There were reports that an LTTE merchant vessel had smuggled arms for an Islamic terrorist organization for money. There is little evidence supporting this and the revenue generated is unknown. LTTE uses the A9 highway to collect more than $10,000 daily as  tax & other revenue from 7,000 - 8,000 civilians & 1,000 - 1,200 vehicles that use that stretch on a daily basis. Records also reveal that the LTTE material taxes amount to $2 - 3 million from Jaffna bound cargo passing through Pallai. The Tigers are known to build fast gunboats, RADAR-proof suicide boats and Submarines for the Sea Tigers.  In Thailand Kumaran Pathmanadan set up and led the "KP Department", the procurement arm of the LTTE, the oldest international wing of the outfit.  He procured modern hardware, paid for them through secret bank accounts, and shipped them to the rebels using a merchant shipping network operated by the KP Department, known as the "sea pigeons". Apart from setting up a number of lucrative businesses in Thailand, Pathmanadan established a state-of-the-art boatyard in the country, which manufactured over a dozen different boats, including mini-submarines and suicide boats.