The National Park includes the upper catchment basins of the Petpa, Patolon and Taungdwin rivers.  The Petpa River is a tributary of the Patolon. The Patolon and Taungdwin rivers drain the eastern and western parts of the park, respectively. These rivers are north flowing in steep sided valleys separated from each other and from adjoining valleys to the west and east by long north-south ridges that rise to elevations from 2000 to over 4000 feet. These parallel ridges are a series of cuestas, characterized by fairly steep escarpments on the eastern face with a moderate slope on the west. The prominent ridge known as Mahudaung is the easternmost ridge in the park, and it forms the watershed between the broad settled valley of the Chindwin and the Patolon and the Petpa drainages to the west.  Further west beyond the Taungdwin River, another high ridge, the Ponnyadaung, reaches a height of 4263 feet at Hlaingma Taung, and forms the western boundary of the park. In the rainy season, numerous small waterfalls appear above the valleys, especially along the upper reaches of the Patolon and Petpa rivers.  In the dry season, March through May, many of the smaller streams dry up. There are a number of perennial springs that keep the major rivers flowing. The forests which exist in the national park are specialized as - The park is home to large populations of wild elephants and other rare wildlife species. The most notable inhabitants are the large herds of Asian Elephants. Wildlife monitoring by park rangers has shown the park to have a rich abundance of wildlife. Camera traps, visual sightings and animal tracks have revealed the existence of leopard, sun bear, banteng, gaur, wild dog and barking deer populations in the park. Villagers recently reported seeing a tiger in the park, which, if confirmed, would be the first sighting in over two decades when it was assumed that they had been hunted out to supply the illegal wildlife trade. There also exists a wide variety of wild birds and fowls, including owls, hornbills, pheasants, parrots and eagles. The Alaungdaw Kathapa National Parki has a significant number of armed China is putting greater burden on them. The Alaungdaw Kathapa National Park is one of the most famous parks with the Burmese populace. It is more of a religious site than a national park, drawing at least 30,000 pilgrims a year. The area itself is extremely isolated, elephants being the only means of transport to enter the park and forest. A small group of monks care for the shrine of Alaungdaw Kathapa, and along with authorities from the Forestry Department and Nature and Wildlife Conservation Division coordinate to educate visitors about conservation and wildlife.