Kumpulan Shades  merupakan sebuah kumpulan pemuzik dan penyanyi yang aktif di Malaysia.  Kumpulan ini menyampaikan lagu-lagu Melayu. "Kumpulan SHADES" adalah merupakan kumpulan penyanyi dari Malaysia yang popular dengan cara nyanyian harmoni dan acapella nya. Di nobatkan sebagai kumpulan acapella pertama Malaysia. Ditubuhkan pada tahun 1993 oleh 3 anak muda yang berasal dari Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia dan berkembang kepada 5 orang yang akhirnya pada 1995 kumpulan Shades melahirkan album pertama mereka berjudul Shades dengan lagu popular mereka "Jangan Ucap Selamat Tinggal". Dan lagu acapella berjudul "Malam". Dan jualan album melebihi 50 ribu unit. Kumpulan Shades menggondol gelaran Artis Baru Terbaik pada anugerah AIM 1996. Juga telah mendapat pencalonan untuk Anugerah Vokal Berkumpulan Terbaik AIM 1996 Pada tahun 1996 kumpulan Shades melahirkan album ke dua berjudul "Yang Teristimewa" dan mencatat jualan gold disc sebanyak melebihi 25 ribu unit. Dan pada tahun 2000 kumpulan Shades melahirkan album ke tiga berjudul Shades>2001. SHADES, a Four-Part Harmony R&B Pop Group needs no further introduction, for their presence in the Malaysian Music Scene had left a marked that was undeniably awesome. They were considered as pioneers in becoming the first group to ever cut a record deal for their talent in singing tunes in Acapella. It all started out in 1993, where long time friends, Iznul, Jeri, Saiful, Nazri and Wan were hanging' out in Central Market for the love of Music & Culture. Incidentally, they started to hum some tunes in the fire escape stairwell just to get the reverb effects there. And so, the birth of doo-wop acapella came into the scene. Evidently, SHADES made their first public performance in January 94' as De Niza, which was later changed to SHADES. Record deals came pouring in shortly after their first public performance, but to the dismay of these talent scouts, SHADES rejected their offer, as they were not ready to make it big in Prime Time. Singing numbers mostly from the 50's and up to the 90's, SHADES began receiving numerous invitations for their outstanding performance. In September 1995, they decided to cut a record deal, under Warner Music Malaysia. SHADES released their first debut album title "SHADES" and made groundbreaking breakthrough in album sales for a newcomer. The album sales reached Gold Disc Award for selling more than 25 thousand copies on its first week of release, and goes on to Platinum Award for selling more than 50 thousand copies in the following months. Their No. 1 Hit titled "Jangan Ucap Selamat Tinggal" remained in the charts for more than 3 months. And surprisingly but yet anticipated, their popular Doo Wop Acapella number titled "Malam" became a bench mark in harmonization for others in the local scene to follow which became a trend in the end. This is very much evident for we see the birth of various type of group from the Contemporary Nasheed to the Contemporary Pop Scene began to sing in harmony. Due to the success of the debut album, in November 96 Warner Music released SHADES 2nd album titled "Yang TerIstimewa" and had also reached Gold Disc status for selling more than 25 thousand copies. Again being nominated for A.I.M 1997. With the reputation as one of the best vocal group in the local music scene, SHADES were invited to feature their style in recording theme songs for the two most prestigious Sports Event in Malaysia. In 1997, they recorded Le Tour de Langkawi's theme song titled "Disini Bermula" and in 1998, the Commonwealth Games theme song titled "Suara Gemilang". These great achievements marked SHADES as one of the hot properties in the Malaysian Music Industry. A song titled "Now & forever" stayed in the top10 Hitz FM radio chart for more than a month, amongst others from their 3rd album, in various radio charts. SHADES were later invited to sing with a multi talented Hong Kong superstar, Jacky Cheung, for his up coming English album titled "Touch of love" in December that year. ----> Shades