Bentuk rekombinan yang pertama kali ditemukan adalah rekombinan AG dari Afrika tengah dan barat, kemudian rekombinan AGI dari Yunani dan Siprus, rekombinan AB dari Rusia dan AE dari Asia tenggara. Meskipun demikian, prekursor CRF AE berupa tipe E masih belum ditemukan. 47% infeksi yang terjadi di seluruh belahan dunia merupakan subtipe C, 27% berupa CRF02_AG, 12,3% berupa subtipe B, 4% adalah subtipe D dan 4% merupakan CRF AE, sisa 5,7% terdiri dari subtipe dan CRF lain. Riset HIV terakhir 95% terfokus pada subtipe B, sedangkn beberapa laboratorium menggunakan subtipe C. Wabah ini tidak merata di wilayah-wilayan tertentu karena ada negara-negara yang lebih menderita daripada yang lainnya. Bahkan pada tingkatan negara pun ada perbedaan tingkatan infeksinya pada daerah-daerah yang berlainan. Jumlah orang yang hidup dengan HIV terus meningkat di semua bagian dunia, meskipun telah dilakukan berbagai langkah pencegahan yang ketat. Di Asia, wabah HIV terutama disebabkan oleh para pengguna obat bius lewat jarum suntik, hubungan seks baik antarpria maupun dengan pekerja seks komersial, dan pelanggannya, serta pasangan seks mereka. Pencegahannya masih kurang memadai. Once HIV has bound to the CD4+ T-cell a viral protein known as gp41 penetrates the cell membrane and the HIV RNA and various enzymes including but not limited to reverse transcriptase, integrase and protease are injected into the cell. After the symptoms have disappeared the infected person will usually not show any signs of infections for several years, but they can still transmit the infection to others. The person may later experience some nonspecific symptoms such as chronic low-grade fever and enlarged lymph nodes which may easily go unnoticed. This is followed by the emergence of more serious symptoms consistent with an impaired immune system. For more information about symptoms and the various stages of disease, see the next section. It should be emphasized that one can not diagnose HIV based on symptoms alone. The only reliable way to know if a person has become infected is by taking an HIV test. Most individuals infected with HIV will progress to AIDS, but the time course that this will take depends upon a variety of factors. In 1993, the AIDS cases in the United States are reported on the basis of a low T cell count in the presence of HIV infection. As yet, no vaccine has been developed to prevent HIV infection or disease in in people who are not yet infected with HIV, but the potential worldwide public health benefits of such a preventive vaccine are vast. Researchers in many countries are seeking to produce such a vaccine, including through the International aids vaccine initiative.