The club were to become a prominent finalist over the following 20 years, missing out only twice between 1947–1966, along the way collecting six TFL premierships, a State Premiership and losing four grand finals. So confident of success were Sandy Bay, that their banner read "21 Today! 21 Today!" and they had organised a Premiership Dinner for several hundred people at Wrest Point for that evening. Hobart came out and put relentless pressure on Sandy Bay, and as history would have it, Appleton's Army stunned the 14,720-people on Grand Final Day. Sandy Bay were to crack in monumental circumstances as Hobart raced away to win the 1973 premiership by 20-points in the greatest boilover in Tasmanian football history. In 1978 and 1979 the Club were to, once again, finish last, but turned it all around the following year under new coach Paul Sproule to firstly take out the Winfield Statewide Cup, beating Clarence in the Grand Final at North Hobart Oval Hobart also won the TFL Premiership over Glenorchy by 35-points in front of 17,111-fans – which to this day is the largest crowd to ever witness Hobart play. 1981 saw a further finals appearance but with legendary TFL & AFL full forward Glenorchy the Tigers were to bow out in the 1st Semi Final. 1982 saw the Club enter more dark times with the TFL forcing the club to leave the Glenorchy's KGV Oval until 1986, whereby the club finished last between 1982–1985. Firstly defeating the Burnie Hawks in the Elimination Final at Clarence the following week at the same venue in the 1st Semi Final. As history would have it, Fox struggling to get the distance on the kick missed slightly, seconds later the siren sounded and Hobart went down by 4 points with the vocal Tiger contingent in the 3,885-strong crowd roaring their enormous displeasure at the umpires after the match. Former Sydney Swans and South Melbourne legend Mark Browning was to take over the reins at Hobart as Captain-Coach in 1988. Attendances were continuing to rise and the onfield results continued to improve with the club sitting second on the ladder at the completion of Round 11 1988 after defeating North Hobart by 114-points at North Hobart Oval before losing 6 out of its last 7 matches to incredibly, miss the finals. The Tigers were solid throughout most of the 1989 season and made a barnstorming finish to make the Grand Final against North Hobart, at one stage leading by 40-points in the second quarter of the decider before the Demons raced away to win the premiership by 30 points. In 1990 Hobart were to finally have their revenge, and assembling arguably their greatest ever squad, the Tigers won their first five matches of the season before suffering from a mid-season slump. Hobart started to hit form after a strong win over Clarence at Bellerive Oval, then going on a rampage with a succession of solid wins leading into the finals series. After a tight first three quarters where both sides were level at the three-quarter time, Hobart produced arguably their most dominant quarter of football in their history, given the strong level of the competition at that time,  booting 10–6 to 1–2 in the last quarter to win by 58-points. Former Melbourne Demons player Simon Eishold was appointed Coach in 1993 but resigned before the season started and Greg Lane was given the nod as coach, during mid-season club legend Wayne Petterd was to take over the job after Lane resigned. From 1993 Hobart Football Club were to flounder badly on the field, and in 1994 suffer from disastrous financial problems off field after running into massive debt with the Australian Taxation Office, also suffering from a large drop in attendances – Hobart's average home crowds from 1993–1996 fell to just over 920 – as on field performances remained poor. Wayne Petterd resigned as coach after a big loss to Launceston at the TCA Ground in 1996 and former Clarence legend and William Leitch Medallist Gary Williamson became the club's last TFL coach. An exodus of more the 40 players from the Tigers Senior & Reserves sides over the summer of 1996–1997 as doubts grew about the longterm viability of the club, the almost daily articles in the media pushing the club to merge and player dissatisfaction with the board saw Hobart sink to its knees. Hobart were to field a very young side for the 1997 season, but failed to win a match in either the Senior or Reserves competition, with the Under 19's making it to the 1st Semi Final. 1999 saw Hobart, under Steven Gilbee take out their first SFL Premiership by defeating Brighton by 51-points at Huonville Recreation Ground before 3896-fans on Grand Final day. Hobart won a club record 18 wins for that season. Hobart finished minor premiers but were defeated by New Norfolk by 1-point in the 1st Qualifying Final, later defeating Cygnet by 70-points in the 2nd Semi Final the following week before bowing out to eventual premier Kermandie in the rain at Pontville Oval in the Preliminary Final by 8-points. The club continued to find heartbreak in finals, bowing out to Brighton in the 1st Semi Final in 2001 by one point. The club failed to make the finals in 2002 and coach Steven Gillbee retired as player and coach, with the club giving him a stylish send off and a 55-point win over Glenorchy in the final roster match. Hobart signed Michael 'Jock' McGregor as coach in 2003 and the club had a rollercoaster season, winning several matches early in the season before winning just two out of its final ten matches going into the finals. Grand Final day was a disastrous one for Hobart, who had three hard finals matches in the lead-up, including only a five day break between matches, whereby, its opponent North Hobart were well rested and were able to add listed Tasmanian Devils players to its line up on the day. The result saw North Hobart win by a record 110-points in front of just 4,289-people at North Hobart Oval. However, there were rumblings within the club early in 2004 that moves were afoot to change the colours of the club and align itself with AFL clubs firstly St Kilda and later powerhouse Brisbane Lions. Many supporters showed their disappointment and crowd attendances plummeted rapidly during the season. Late in the season a group of Senior players and outgoing coach Michael McGregor were making statements in the press agitating for change, which threatened to split an already fractured club even further. In a bloody coup upon which split the club down the middle – and to this day there is still some bitterness over the situation – a meeting on 1 December 2004 saw the club elect to adopt a Brisbane Lions playing jumper and use the Lions logo for the future of the club. A large number of long-time supporters walked away in disgust and an almost apartheid atmosphere existed between pro-Tiger and pro-Lions fans for several years after.