'''Arabic), 16 August 1962 – 10 April 2003) was a Shia cleric and the son of Ayatollah Al-Udhma Sayyid Abul Qasim al-Khoei who was born in the holy city of Najaf. He lived and studied under his father in Najaf until 1991. During the Shia uprising of 1991 he actively took part in the fighting against Saddam's Ba'ath Party but also acted as a force of moderation attempting to minimize revenge killings. When the uprising was crushed he was forced to leave Iraq. His father died a year later in 1992 at the age of 93, while still under house arrest in Iraq. In exile in London, he worked for the al-Khoei Foundation a charitable foundation set up by his father in 1989, becoming its head in 1994 when his brother, Sayyid Mohammed Taqi al-Khoei, was assassinated whilst driving back to Najaf from a visit to Kerbala. He returned to Iraq in April 2003 after the fall of Saddam despite being warned of the dangers. He arrived in Najaf on 3 April. Speaking to The Times upon his arrival to the city, he said everyone "wanted news on Baghdad because they see that as the key test to whether this will be 1991 all over again." Though assigned protection, the protective unit could not follow him into the shrine of Imam Ali in Najaf on 10 April 2003. Here he was attacked and hacked to death by a mob. On April 5, 2004, a warrant was issued for Sadr's arrest in connection with this killing. Arrest warrants were also issued for 12 men on charges of planning and carrying out the murder. The arrest warrants were issued by an Iraqi Judge, Raed Juhi, who is also the investigative judge in charge of the Saddam Hussain case. He was seen as a moderate cleric by the west and as pro-US by many Iraqis. British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who met al-Khoei for talks before his departure, said he was "a religious leader who embodied hope and reconciliation and who was committed to building a better future for the people of Iraq". His murder was also "strongly condemned" by US President Bush's administration. He is buried alongside his brother and father inside the Imam Ali shrine in Najaf in a designated room for the al-Khoei family. He left behind a wife and four children who live in London. In February 2006, one of his sons, Hayder al-Khoei started the Eye Raki blog. He has blamed Moqtada for the murder of his father on more than one occasion. In July 2007 he published a detailed account of the life and death of his father. The account includes the names of over 30 people involved in the murder.