Stanley Augustus Holloway, English stage and film actor, comedian and  singer, famous for his comic and character roles on stage and screen, especially that of Alfred P Doolittle in My Fair Lady. He was also renowned for his recordings of comic monologues and songs, which spanned throughout his seventy-year career. His acting roots in his family could be traced back to his great-uncle Charles Bernard in the mid 1800s, who was one of the greatest Shakespearean actors of his time. Holloway himself was an effective performer of Shakespeare, playing the First Gravedigger in Laurence Olivier's film version of Hamlet in 1948 and transferring the role to the stage with John Gielgud in 1951. His first job was as a junior clerk in a boot polish factory called "Everitts Nutta and Jetta" where he earned ten shillings a week. His second job was again as a clerk but this time at Billingsgate fish market. While working there, he began his performing career as "Master Stanley Holloway -- The Wonderful Boy Soprano", from 1907. He began performing in end of concert party at the West Cliff Theatre in 1910. In 1911 he was recruited by established comedian Leslie Henson to feature as a support in Henson’s own, more prestigious concert-party performing in "Nicely, Thanks". He then planned a career as a singer in 1913 and went to Milan to train his voice, but realised that this wasn't for him and returned home. In 1914 when World War I was in full swing, he enlisted in the Connaught Rangers infantry regiment. Upon joining he was immediately commissioned as a second lieutenant. This was because a few years earlier he had had some training as a private in the London Rifle Brigade. Although an estimated 2,500 members of this regiment were killed during the Great War, Holloway survived and upon demobilisation took up singing and acting in London's music halls and theatres, performing at the Winter Garden as Captain Wentworth in Guy Bolton and P.G. Wodehouse's Kissing Time in 1919, and as Rene in A Night Out in 1920. After the war he joined the Royal Irish Constabulary in 1920, but left by the beginning of 1921 in the midst of the Anglo-Irish War. Holloway signed up to the Aza Agency in the Summer of 1935, having been introduced to them by Julian. Holloway became a mainstay of the Topkapi'' Holloway signed a contract with Broadway stage smash hit My Fair Lady, after James Cagney turned it down.  He had a long association with the show, appearing in the original 1956 Broadway production, the 1958 London version, and the film version in 1964. Due to his success on Broadway, Holloway was signed to play the part of Poobah in the comic opera The Mikado, alongside his friend Groucho Marx in 1960, which resulted in a huge success. In 1962 he signed up to play the role of an English butler, called Higgins, in a pilot television sitcom called Our Man Higgins.  Holloway enjoyed the role immensely but the viewers didn't. It managed one season and was scrapped due to poor figures. In 1964 he again appeared on-stage in Philadelphia in Cool Off!, a Faustian spoof. Stanley, Violet and Julian lived in a sprawling country house in the tiny village of Penn, Buckinghamshire. Holloway would also own a flat in St. John's Wood, North West London, for when he was working in the Capital, and a flat in Manhattan  during the My Fair Lady broadway years. The final years of his life were spent living in Angmering-on-sea, West Sussex with his beloved wife Violet. In the 1965 film ''model and author Sophie Dahl. Holloway was still performing well into his eighties touring Asia and Australia in 1977 with the "Pleasure of His Company", a Noël Coward tribute show, and made his last appearance performing at the Royal Variety Performance at the London Palladium in 1980 aged 89. He died of a stroke 18 months later at the Nightingale nursing home in Littlehampton, Sussex, on 30 January 1982, aged 91. He is buried along with his wife Violet, at the St. Mary the Virgin Church in East Preston, West Sussex.