리허설을 위해, 실제 공연에서는 다른 악기를 사용하더라도 피아노로 반주하곤 한다. 아카펠라 음악의 경우도 마찬가지이다. 합창단은 성부로 다음과 같이 나눌 수 있다. 또한 합창단이 소속된 단체에 의해서 다음과 같이 나눌 수도 있다. More experienced choirs often sing with the voices all mixed together. Proponents of this method argue that it makes it easier for each individual singer to hear and tune to the other parts, but it requires more independence from each singer. Opponents argue that this method loses the spatial separation of individual voice lines, an otherwise valuable feature for the audience, and that it eliminates sectional resonance, which lessens the effective volume of the chorus. ----> 복합창이나 여러 합창단이 공연할 때에는 보통 각 합창단끼리 모여 선다. 때때로 완전히 분리되기도 하는데, 16세기의 음악을 연주할 때 특히 그렇다. 몇 작곡가들은 합창단이 실제로 떨어져 있어야 한다고 명시했다. Benjamin British의 전쟁 레퀴엠이 바로 그 경우이다. 굉장히 많은 작곡가들이 합창 음악을 작곡했다. 그러나 성악 음악의 작곡은 기악 음악의의 작곡과는 여러면에서 매우 다르다. 가사를 포함하면서 이해하기 쉽게 만들고, 인간의 목소리가 가진 특별한 능력과 한계들을 다루어야 하므로, 성악 음악의 작곡은 어떤 면에서는 기악 음악보다 더 많은 것을 신경써야 한다. 이러한 어려움 때문에, 많은 뛰어난 작곡가들이 합창 음악을 전혀 작곡하지 않았다. 많은 작곡가들은 자신이 선호하는 악기들이 있고, 다른 악기나 앙상블을 위해서 작곡하는 경우는 드물었다. 그리고 합창 음악은 이러한 경우에 예외가 될 수 없다. 반면, 모든 시대에 걸쳐서 적지 않은 작곡가들이 합창 음악에 뛰어났고, 합창 음악은 서양 음악사의 첫 천년 동안 잘 내려온 몇 안되는 음악의 종류 중 하나이다. Madrigals are another particularly popular form dating from this period. Although madrigals were initially dramatic settings of unrequited-love poetry or mythological stories in Italy, they were imported into England and merged with the more upbeat English speakers, the word madrigal now refers to the latter, rather than to madrigals proper, which refers to a poetic form of lines consisting of seven and eleven syllables each. Composers of the early twentieth century also endeavored to extend and develop the Renaissance styles. Herbert Howells wrote a Mass in the Dorian mode entirely in strict Renaissance style, and Ralph Vaughan Williams's Mass in G minor is an extension of this style. Anton von Webern wrote his dissertation on the Choralis Constantinus of Heinrich Isaac and his development of serial music techniques was informed by this study. ----> Lutheran composers wrote instrumentally-accompanied passions and other music. While Bach was little-known as a composer in his time, and for almost a century after his death, composers such as Mozart and Mendelssohn assiduously studied and learned from his contrapuntal and harmonic techniques, and his music is regularly performed and admired in the present day. ----> In the 19th century, sacred music escaped from the church and leaped onto the concert stage, with large sacred works unsuitable for church use, such as Berlioz's Te Deum and Requiem, and Brahms' Rossini's Stabat mater, Schubert's masses, and Verdi's Requiem also exploited the grandeur offered by instrumental accompaniment. Oratorios also continued to be written, clearly influenced by Handel's models. Berlioz's L'Enfance du Christ and Mendelssohn's Elijah and St. Paul are in the category. Schubert, Mendelssohn, and Brahms also wrote secular cantatas, the best known of which are Brahms' Schicksalslied and Nänie. A few composers developed a cappella music, especially Bruckner, whose masses and motets startlingly juxtapose Renaissance counterpoint with chromatic harmony. Mendelssohn and Brahms also wrote significant a cappella motets. At around this time, in the tail end of the nineteenth century and the start of the twentieth, male voice choirs attained a particular popularity amongst the coal miners of South Wales, with numerous choirs being established at this time, such as the Treorchy Male Choir.  Although the mining communities which birthed these choirs largely died out in the 1970s & 1980s with the decline of the Welsh coal industry, many of these choirs have gone from strength to strength and are seen as a 'traditional' part of Welsh culture. More accessible styles found an enduring legacy in choral music. Carmina Burana. In the United States, Aaron Copland, Samuel Barber, and Randall Thompson wrote signature American pieces. In Eastern Europe, Béla Bartók and Zoltán Kodály wrote a small amount of choral music. Post-World War II music took experimentation to its logical extreme. Sinfonia by Luciano Berio includes a chorus. Krzysztof Penderecki's St. Luke Passion includes choral shouting, clusters, and aleatoric techniques. Richard Felciano wrote for chorus and electronic tape. Minimalism is represented by Arvo Pärt, whose Johannespassion and Magnificat have received regular performances. Black Spirituals came into greater prominence and arrangements of such spirituals became part of the standard choral repertoire.  Notable composers and arrangers of choral music in this tradition include André Thomas and Moses Hogan. During the late 20th century, one of the major areas of growth in the choral movement has been in the areas of GLBT choruses.  Starting around 1979, gay men's choruses were founded within a period of months in major U.S. cities such as New York, Los Angeles, Seattle and Dallas.  Over the last quarter century the number of such groups, men's, women's and mixed, has exploded.  GALA Choruses, an associative group, now has well-over 100 member choruses throughout the world. At the turn of the century, 21st century, the spirit of more practical  music which dominated the last decades of the 20th century seems to be continuing via the works of Karl Jenkins, John Rutter, Kentaro Sato and Morten Lauridsen amongst others. ----> ---->