John Sacrimoni is granted a six-hour supervised release from prison in order to attend his daughter Allegra's wedding. His release comes with several conditions, including heavy security paid for exclusively by Johnny. Even from prison, Johnny lords over the planning of the event and tries to keep his family focused on the big day. He later mentions the price tag for the wedding is $425,000. Although still recovering from his gunshot wound, Tony is ready to go back to work. He has a new bodyguard and driver, Perry Annunziata, a former bodybuilder whom Tony calls "Muscles Marinara". Tony notices Perry's large arms on their first trip together and tries to impress him with tales of his previous athletic prowess. The bodyguard nearly accosts two truck drivers who cut him off and swear at him, but Tony calms down the young man without incident. After hours at the Bing, Ahmed and Mohammed pay Christopher for credit card numbers and security codes. The pair ask him about getting some semi-automatic weapons. Christopher has to take a phone call before he can respond. As the bride and groom leave for their honeymoon, their departure is interrupted by U.S. Marshals pulling up to return Johnny to prison.  An emotional Johnny tears up and cries openly in front of all in attendance as Marshals haul him away.  Attendees are angered by the treatment of Johnny, and Johnny's wife Ginny faints. After Sack is gone, members of Tony's crew discuss the scene with Phil and members of the New York family. Phil suggests that Johnny is weak and questions whether he can be made to talk by the government. Christopher sides with Phil, again disagreeing with Tony, who defends Johnny's display of emotion. After an early departure from the wedding reception and once home, Vito informs his wife he's heading out to make collections, but instead goes to a fag" and leave. Vito returns home, gets a gun from his bedroom, a few thousand dollars hidden in a paint can, and checks into a motel. He makes a 3 AM call to a sleeping Silvio Dante to ask if everything is okay. Vito makes no further contact with anyone and does not return subsequent calls from Tony. Tony talks to Dr. Melfi about his crew and their perception of him. "People misinterpret, they think you're weak, they see an opportunity", Tony complains. Melfi suggests he act as if he is fine, and do something to let the guys know he remains a decisive leader. Tony arrives at the pork store and sees the crew sunning themselves and playing basketball. Inside, Tony tries to bait Perry into a confrontation but he does not respond. With his crew looking on, Tony sucker punches his bodyguard, starting a one-sided fight that ends with Perry bleeding on the floor and Tony defiantly walking away, seemingly unscathed. After the altercation, Tony retreats to the bathroom and vomits blood, as his body probably was not ready for such physical exertion. Leaning on the bathroom sink and looking at himself in the mirror, Tony gives himself a twisted, satisfied smile. The moment is short-lived, however, as Tony violently vomits again in the toilet.