Pada tahun 2006, Eragon diadaptasi sebagai film layar lebar bernama sama, diperankan oleh Edward Speleers sebagai Eragon, serta Jeremy Irons, John Malkovich, Sienna Guillory, dan Rachel Weisz. Eldest was released as a hardcover edition in August 2005. A limited edition, featuring extras such as a brief history of Alagaësia, a double-sided poster featuring Brom's ring & Glaedr, and a sneak peek of Brisingr was released in September 2006. A paperback edition was released in March 2007. The deluxe edition of Eldest had an excerpt from the third chapter of the third book. Eragon, a 15-year-old farm boy, finds a polished blue and white streaked stone while hunting. He takes the stone back to the village Carvahall and attempting to sell it for food to the village butcher, he brings it back to his uncle Garrow's farm and leaves it aside as a curiousity. Very little is known of his parentage, save that his mother was named Selena, and has not been seen since shortly after Eragon's birth when she begged Garrow and his wife, Marian, to take care of him. He is stunned when the stone turns out to be an egg, hatching to reveal a baby dragon, Saphira, who quickly grows in size and mental ability. Eragon's home is attacked by creatures called Brom escape with Saphira to find the Ra'zac and avenge Garrow's death. Eragon and Brom are ambushed by the Ra'zac. A young man named Murtagh, later revealed to be the son of Dragon Rider before the Fall and that he is an agent for the Varden. Days later, Eragon is captured and taken to prison in Arya, about whom Eragon has been having disturbing nightmares. Because Arya has been poisoned, they search for an antidote. They travel across the vast Hadarac Desert constantly pursued by slavers and an army of Urgals. They discover the lair of the Varden inside the hollow mountain known as Farthen Dûr. Galbatorix's forces attack, and during the battle that follows, Eragon kills a Shade named Durza, but acquires a terrible scar. Whilst he is immersed in a healing sleep, he converses with a being who calls himself "The Cripple Who is Whole". He advises Eragon to complete his training in the elven capital, Ellesméra. The spirits of the dragons heal Eragon's scar in a ceremony called the Agaetí Blödhren. Eragon wakes up the next day with elven qualities that make him much stronger and more agile. It is after the transformations that Eragon pursues Arya once more, only to leave Arya no choice but to cease their friendship, no matter how much she explains to him that they cannot be together. This leaves Eragon truly devastated. Eragon returns to the Varden to help them in the approaching battle against Galbatorix's army. Upon returning to the Varden, Eragon tells Arya that he cannot diminish his feelings, but he can tame himself and promises to not moon after Arya. Arya forgives him, and their friendship is once again strong. Thanks to the timely arrival of Roran, Jeod, and the villagers, the battle is a victory for the Varden. Arya and Eragon meet in Eastcroft on his return, and together they return to the Varden, where Roran and the villagers of Carvahall who had not settled in Surda have joined the Varden. Roran informs Eragon that he and Katrina wish to marry, and that Katrina is pregnant. The day of the wedding, a small unit of soldiers from the Empire, including Murtagh and Thorn, attack the Varden. Murtagh is driven away and the Varden manage to destroy the enemy army, but with high casualties, because the soldiers of the Empire have been bewitched so that they do not feel pain. Despite the skirmish, Roran and Katrina's marriage is completed. Nasuada orders Eragon to attend the election of the new dwarf king as a member of Durgrimst Ingeitum, Saphira remaining behind in case Murtagh attempts to attack. Eragon is reunited with Orik, the new clan-chief of Durgrimst Ingeitum. An attempt is made on Eragon's life by a clan who have shown hostility towards Eragon and Saphira. Orik has the whole clan banished, and he is elected the new king. Saphira then comes to Tronjeim, where she and Eragon are reunited. Eragon leaves to help the Varden's siege on Feinster, one of the Empire's cities. Oromis and Glaedr go join the elves in Gil'ead. Glaedr gives his heart of hearts to Eragon and Saphira before they go their separate ways. -->