This guide explains how to build a taxobox, a table setting out the WikiProject Tree of life. Each entry corresponds to a containing group, except for the last, which should be the group under consideration. Note the entries use the Latin names for the ranks, to make porting between Wikipedias easier. Thus the above correspond to the kingdom, phylum, class, order, family, genus, and species. Taxoboxes should include all major ranks above the taxon described in the article, plus minor ranks that are important to understanding the classification of the taxon described in the article, or which are discussed in the article. Other minor ranks should be omitted. Another example is the subfamily Bambusoideae, the bamboos. This subfamily probably should be mentioned in the taxobox of every bamboo species, since it is a major grouping in this context, despite its minor rank. Note that species and subspecies should be given using the abbreviated forms of their name — e.g. H. sapiens, H. s. sapiens.  The epithets should not be given by themselves. The full form of the species or subspecies name is given in the binomial or trinomial section. Use unranked taxa sparingly. The need to include unranked taxa generally indicates that you are following phylogenetic nomenclature. It is usually better to abbreviate the classification to the major ranks and then discuss the classification in more detail in the article. In cases where a list would make the taxobox too long, or where the classification is too variable to allow a brief summary, the list should be replaced with a comment like "See text". or the subdivision section should be omitted. In general, when there are more than about 20 subgroups they should go in the article text, and when there are more than 100 they warrant a separate article. In cases where the classification is variable, a description like "Typical orders" or "Notable orders" may be used. or If you find a taxobox like this, you can safely replace the template with the corresponding code, see also taxobox status. This is used to choose which conservation status graphic to use, as iucn v2.3 had an extra category. Failure to use this parameter will result in no graphic appearing. For groups that still exist, the second period should be given as "Recent" or as "Holocene" for Late Quaternary extinctions such as the Moa, and the current status should be indicated using the status argument.  For groups that only existed during a single period, simply list it without giving a range. It is not a good idea to be too precise about the number of species. Currently, several or even dozens of new species get described each year in many genera, especially invertebrates. Moreover, changing systematic treatment is liable to alter the species number even in well-known genera. Rounding off the species number and denoting this as approximate value will help decreasing maintenance. The first format is preferred for clarity. If you do not completely understand what this all means, please do not use this parameter. Instead, if possible denote the type species in the species listing, for example with a Taxobox usage Taxobox usage