Besides the music, festival goers have access to food and beverage vendors, a variety of both hand-made crafts and imported goods along the "Craft Vendor Row" know as Shakedown Street which is highlighted by and many types of vender, an Art Gallery along with Vibes merchandise. Wavy Gravy a close friend of Jerry Garcia and 60's counter culture icon has been the master of ceremonies at several Vibes festivals, and has come to become a staple of the festival. reaching into his 80's Wavy Gravy is a link to the past in which the Vibes pays homage. For 30 years, the Grateful Dead were an American musical institution.  Born out of a decade of social upheaval and consciousness expanding, the group sparked the creation of an unparalleled sub-culture of loyally devoted enthusiasts.  The Grateful Dead inspired thousands of self-proclaimed Deadheads. For decades, Grateful Dead shows had served as a community-building institution where followers of the group could revel with friends both old and new.  But when Jerry Garcia died in the summer of 1995, many fans were left with a void in their lives.  One man who was determined to keep the fire burning was Ken Hays, who at the time ran Terrapin Tapes, a media distribution outlet for live concert tapers and traders. In 1996, Hays threw a memorial party for Garcia at Croton Point Park, NY and was re-named "Gathering of the Vibes." In each of the years since, Gathering of the Vibes has carried the spirit of these initial events forward by creating wholly unique musical experiences for attendees from far and wide.  The folks who come to the Vibes annually to build and renew their bonds of friendship comprise the community that has affectionately become known as the Vibe Tribe. After moving to Plattsburgh, NY for GOTV 1998, the Vibes found what seemed to be a natural home for the annual event at Seaside Park in Bridgeport, CT in 1999 & 2000.  In 2000, Bob Weir became the first Grateful Dead alumni to grace the Vibes’ stage, performing both with his band Ratdog and in a memorable sit-in with bass virtuoso Les Claypool. In 2001, as Seaside Park began to undergo major Mariaville, New York from 2002 through 2006, highlighted by an incredible two-night performance by Independence Day weekend 2002. In 2007, Gathering of the Vibes came home to Seaside Park, re-kindling the magic of the unforgettable 1999 & 2000 shows.  With the help of the Vibe Tribe and the generous support of the City of Bridgeport, Vibes has returned to seaside park in 2008 and 2009 and is contracted to be there every summer through 2012. and more to be announced.
