The prisoners were captured mainly in naval engagements and detained in the only purpose-built wells were sunk to draw drinking water for the prisoners. The prison barracks were planned to hold adequately between five to six thousand prisoners.  The prisoners' quarters were two-storey high, red-tiled buildings with four separate buildings inside a rectangle.  Four of these rectangles were centred in the field, each surrounded by its own wall.   A further wall then surrounded the four rectangles with their sixteen buildings. Outside this, the garrison troops had their buildings along with storage sheds, kitchens and officers' buildings, etc.  A further wall, complete with main gatehouse, then encased these.  The prisoners were mostly marched to the prison four abreast, although occasionally they would be loaded into barges at King's Lynn and taken up the River Nene to Peterborough Quay. Problems emerged during the summer months of 1797, arising from the countless numbers of local people, and some not so local, who visited the prisoners.  The guards found it difficult to control these crowds and to observe the prisoners.  Eventually many visitors were prevented from entering the compounds unless accompanied by military personnel.  During this time, two of the French prisoners took advantage of the confusion and made their escape, but only as far as Cambridgeshire fens, before they were caught and returned. A French officer who escaped during December was never recaptured and was assumed to have been successful. The French prisoners, whose sole interest appeared to be gambling, were accused by the British government of selling their clothes and few personal possessions to raise money for further gambling. The Lords of the admiralty, along with Doctor Johnson, instructed that naked prisoners should be clothed at once, without waiting for the French supply or payment for clothing. Insubordination was rife among prisoners.  A force of Shropshire militia, a battalion of army reserve and a volunteer force from Peterborough were required to restrain the prisoners from breaking out during a particular period of defiance. During December 1804, it was discovered that the prisoners had taken to forgery.  Engraved plates of a very high standard and various printing implements were found. In January 1812, a French prisoner was shot whilst escaping after he had overpowered a guard and stolen a bayonet. During August of the following year, escaped prisoners from Norman Cross were discovered as far away as Hampshire. Peace was finally proclaimed with France in 1814, following Napoleon's defeat and consequent abdication. The prisoners, the garrison guards and local people joined together in celebrations.  All the prisoners had left the garrison by June of the same year, and in June 1816, the buildings were demolished. The memorial to the men whose remains are still interred deep within the fields of Norman Cross was purchased and erected in 1914 by the Duke of Wellington, one of the patrons of the Appeal, unveiled the restored memorial. Examples of the prisoners' craftwork, produced from simple materials such as straw and meat bones and sold to visitors and passers by, may be seen in Peterborough Museum. There is also a very fine collection of ship models of the type made at Norman Cross on display at Arlington Court, Devon.
