Proposed in the Pensions White Paper of May 2006, it will be up and running in time for the onset of employer duties in October 2012. The Pensions Act 2008 reformed workplace pension provision with the key aim of making saving for retirement the norm. As a result of this, employers will be obliged to auto-enroll employees into a suitable work place pension from 2012. Employees will, however, retain the right to opt out. The NEST scheme is a part of this reform program. Come 2012, NEST will be one of the qualifying workplace pension schemes into which employers can auto enroll their employees should they consider it appropriate. NEST will be subject to a public service obligation meaning it will be required to accept any employer that wishes to use it. It is being designed to target low to middle income earners who are not currently contributing to a pension plan. Run on a not-for-profit basis, the NEST scheme will be managed by trustees in the interest of its members. Simplicity and low charges will be a key element of the scheme, to ensure that members keep as much of their pension savings as possible. From these contributions, charges will be deducted. The level of charges is expected by Government to be around 0.3% to 0.5% of each member's fund each year, but the final level has not yet been decided. Whether the charges will be collected in this way as a single fund management charge, or in some other form, was consulted upon in 2008 and a decision is expected in the next six months. The aim of auto enrollment and NEST is to increase the level of private pension saving in this country. In 2002, an independent commission - the Pensions Commission - was set up under the chairmanship of Lord Turner, to review the UK pension system and to make recommendations for change. The Commission concluded that, on present trends, many people in the future will face inadequate pensions. It recommended a number of reforms which included enhancing the state pension system to make it fairer and less means tested, raising the state pension age and increasing the level of private pension saving by introducing automatic enrollment of employees into a workplace pension and mandating a minimum employer contribution, employees would however retain the right to opt-out. The concept of NEST was documented in the Pension Commission's Second Report, published in November 2006, under the title of National Pensions Savings Scheme, generally thought of as one of the leading reports into pensions in the world. As the Government have taken the idea forward to delivery, they changed the name to Personal Accounts, and then NEST. More information on personal accounts and the above consultations will be available on the PADA website. Paul Myners was the first Chairman, until he resigned in October 2008 to take up a role within Government. The current chief executive is Tim Jones. The pension bill passed into law on the 26th November 2008.[2] A keen topic of debate during the formation of NEST has been over whether modest savers will benefit from joining the scheme. A particular exponent of these concerns has been Nigel Waterson, Conservative MP for Eastbourne and the Opposition Shadow Minister for Work and Pensions. In a House of Commons debate on 14th November 2007 [3], Waterson summarised these concerns as “the deep problem of whether it is worth people’s while to save for their retirement and whether they will be any better off, because of the widespread means-testing in the benefits system.” In order that the legislation creating NEST could be passed without waiting for the issue of means testing to be resolved, the UK Government promised to undertake a comprehensive study of which savers could be at risk of losing out in this way. The results of this study were published in February 2009, in a Department for Work and Pensions Research Report [4]. The headline findings were that despite means benefits “over 95% of savers in NEST can expect an increase in pension income greater than the cost of their contributions, and that the large majority of savers can expect to get back more than twice what they put in”. However the report also found that those who would lose out were not readily identifiable, making advice to individuals difficult. Many independent experts however dispute this as the calculations of retirement income compared to work life income. The group who are most likely to be worse off are those on low incomes. Matthew Wakefield, senior research economist at the Institute for Fiscal Studies and one of the authors of the a report said “In 2005 half of employees not contributing to a private pension earned less than £14,000, and more than half had no net savings. Getting such individuals into pension saving might be seen as a success of the policy, but any increase in pension saving is, at least in absolute terms, likely to be small. While many of these individuals have little scope to finance new pension saving by reshuffling existing assets, some could pay down existing debts less quickly, which would still mean that new pension saving was not new saving overall.” For example an individual earning £14,000 will contribute 4% on banded earnings of £14,000 - £5,035 which is £356.80 per annum. Total contributions would be 8% so £717.20. This multiplied by 40 years of work is £28,688. When you consider that this would have to provide for over twenty years of retirement many experts believe it may not be worthwhile.
