কোয়ান্টাম বলবিজ্ঞানের এই সূত্রায়ন আজও ব্যবহৃত হয়। এই বর্ণনার কেন্দ্রে রয়েছে "কোয়ান্টাম অবস্থা" এবং "কোয়ান্টাম পর্যবেক্ষণসম্ভব" এই দুইটি ধারণা। পারমাণবিক মাপের ব্যবস্থাগুলির ক্ষেত্রে এই ধারণা দুটি অতীতের ভৌত বাস্তবতার মডেলগুলিতে ব্যবহৃত ধারণাগুলি অপেক্ষা অত্যন্ত ভিন্ন প্রকৃতির। এই গাণিতিক সূত্রায়ন অনুসারে যদিও অনেক রাশি পরীক্ষণের মাধ্যমে পরিমাপ করা সম্ভব, তা সত্ত্বেও এতে একই সাথে পরিমাপযোগ্য মানের ব্যাপারে একটি নির্দিষ্ট তাত্ত্বিক সীমা রয়েছে। এই সীমাবদ্ধতাটি সর্বপ্রথম হাইজেনবের্গ একটি চিন্তা পরীক্ষণের মাধ্যমে ব্যাখ্যা করেন। নতুন সূত্রায়নে গাণিতিকভাবে এই সীমাকে কোয়ান্টাম পর্যবেক্ষণসম্ভবগুলির অবিনিময়যোগ্যতার মাধ্যমে উপস্থাপন করা হয়েছে। একটি আলাদা তত্ত্ব হিসেবে কোয়ান্টাম বলবিজ্ঞানের আবির্ভাবের পূর্বে পদার্থবিজ্ঞানে যে গণিত ব্যবহৃত হত, তা ছিল মূলত অন্তরক জ্যামিতি এবং আংশিক অন্তরক সমীকরণসমূহ। এছাড়া পরিসংখ্যানিক বলবিজ্ঞানে সম্ভাবনা তত্ত্ব ব্যবহৃত হত। অন্তরক জ্যামিতি ও আংশিক অন্তরক সমীকরণে জ্যামিতিক স্বজ্ঞা নিঃসন্দেহে একটি প্রধান ভূমিকা পালন করত। আপেক্ষিকতার তত্ত্বগুলি সম্পূর্ণভাবে জ্যামিতিক ধারণার আশ্রয় নিয়েই সূত্রায়িত করা হয়েছিল। মোটামুটি ১৮৯৫ ও ১৯১৫ সালের মধ্যবর্তী সময়ে কোয়ান্টাম বলবিজ্ঞানের ব্যাপারগুলি নিয়ে বিজ্ঞানীরা চিন্তাভাবনা শুরু করেন। ১৯২৫ সালে কোয়ান্টাম তত্ত্বের আবির্ভাবের ১০-১৫ বছর আগেও পদার্থবিজ্ঞানীরা চিরায়ত বলবিজ্ঞানের মধ্যে থেকেই, বিশেষত একই ধরনের গাণিতিক সংঘটন ব্যবহার করে, ঘটনাগুলি ব্যাখ্যার চেষ্টা চালান। এই প্রচেষ্টাগুলির মধ্যে সবচেয়ে পরিশীলিত উদাহরণ হল সমারফেল্ড-উইলসন-ইশিওয়ারা কোয়ান্টায়ন নিয়ম। এই নিয়মটি সম্পূর্ণভাবে চিরায়ত দশা জগতে সূত্রায়িত করা হয়েছিল। In 1923 de Broglie proposed that wave-particle duality applied not only to photons but to electrons and every other physical system. The situation changed rapidly in the years 1925-1930, when working mathematical foundations were found through the groundbreaking work of Erwin Schrödinger and Werner Heisenberg and the foundational work of John von Neumann, Hermann Weyl and Paul Dirac, and it became possible to unify several different approaches in terms of a fresh set of ideas. Erwin Schrödinger's wave mechanics originally was the first successful attempt at replicating the observed quantization of atomic spectra with the help of a precise mathematical realization of de Broglie's wave-particle duality. It was Max Born, who introduced the interpretation of the square of the wave function as the probability distribution of the position of a pointlike object. Born's idea was soon taken over by Niels Bohr in Copenhagen, who then became the "father" of the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics which is now generally accepted by the physicists. With hindsight, Schrödinger's wave function can be seen to be closely related to the classical Hamilton-Jacobi equation. The correspondence to classical mechanics was even more explicit, although somewhat more formal, in Heisenberg's matrix mechanics. I.e., the equation for the operators in the Heisenberg representation, as it is now called, closely translates to classical equations for the dynamics of certain quantities in the Hamiltonian formalism of classical mechanics, where one uses Poisson brackets. Werner Heisenberg's matrix mechanics formulation was  based on algebras of infinite matrices,  being certainly very radical  in light of the mathematics of classical physics, although he started from the index-terminology of the experimentalists of that time, not even knowing that his "index-schemes" were matrices. In fact, in these early years linear algebra was not generally known to physicists in its present form. Although Schrödinger himself after a year proved the equivalence of his wave-mechanics and Heisenberg's matrix mechanics, the reconciliation of the two approaches is generally associated to Dirac's method is now called canonical quantization. Though theories of quantum mechanics continue to evolve to this day, there is a basic framework for the mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics which underlies most approaches and can be traced back to the mathematical work of interpretation of the theory, and extensions to it, are now mostly conducted on the basis of shared assumptions about the mathematical foundations. A related topic is the relationship to classical mechanics. Any new physical theory is supposed to reduce to successful old theories in some approximation. For quantum mechanics, this translates into the need to study the so-called classical limit of quantum mechanics. Also, as Bohr emphasized, human cognitive abilities and language are inextricably linked to the classical realm, and so classical descriptions are intuitively more accessible than quantum ones. In particular, quantization, namely the construction of a quantum theory whose classical limit is a given and known classical theory, becomes an important area of quantum physics in itself. Furthermore, to the postulates of quantum mechanics one should also add basic statements on the  properties of spin and Pauli's exclusion principle, see below. Superselection sectors. The correspondence between states and rays needs to be refined somewhat to take into account  so-called superselection sectors.  States in different superselection sectors cannot influence each other, and the relative phases between them are unobservable. The original form of the Schrödinger equation depends on choosing a particular representation of Heisenberg's canonical commutation relations. The Stone-von Neumann theorem states all irreducible representations of the finite-dimensional Heisenberg commutation relations are unitarily equivalent .This is related to quantization and the correspondence between classical and quantum mechanics, and is therefore not strictly part of the general mathematical framework. Although spin and the Pauli principle can only be derived from relativistic generalizations of quantum mechanics the properties mentioned in the last two pararagraphs belong to the basic postulates already in the non-relativistic limit. Especially, many important properties in natural science, e.g. the periodic system of chemistry, are consequences of the two properties. The characteristic property of the von Neumann measurement scheme is that repeating the same measurement will give the same results. This is also called the projection postulate. by a finite set of positive operators after the measurement, the system now will be in the state The same formulation applies to general mixed states. In von Neumann's approach, the state transformation due to measurement is distinct from that due to time evolution in several ways. For example, time evolution is determinisic and unitary whereas measurement is non-deterministic and non-unitary. However, since both types of state transformation take one quantum state to another, this difference was viewed by many as unsatisfactory. The POVM formalism views measurement as one among many other quantum operations, which are described by completely positive maps which do not increase the trace. An alternative interpretation of measurement is Everett's relative state interpretation, which was later dubbed the "many-worlds interpretation" of quantum mechanics.
