The derivative is a fundamental construction of differential calculus and admits many possible generalizations within the fields of mathematical analysis, combinatorics, algebra, and geometry. The convective derivative takes into account changes due to time dependence and motion through space along vector field. The subderivative and subgradient are generalizations of the derivative to convex functions. may be rewritten in the form is a second order linear constant coefficient differential operator acting on functions of x. The key idea here is that we consider a particular integration, and formally write Higher derivatives can also be defined for functions of several variables, studied in in local extrema of a function at its critical points. For an advanced application of this analysis to topology of manifolds, see  Morse theory. In suitably extended definition of differentiability. The Schwarzian derivative describes how a complex function is approximated by a fractional-linear map, in much the same way that a normal derivative describes how a function is approximated by a linear map. In functional analysis, the functional derivative defines the derivative with respect to a function of a functional on a space of functions.  This is an extension of the directional derivative to an infinite dimensional vector space. The Fréchet derivative allows the extension of the directional derivative to a general Banach space.  The Gâteaux derivative extends the concept to locally convex topological vector spaces.  Fréchet differentiability is a strictly stronger condition than Gâteaux differentiability, even in finite dimensions.  Between the two extremes is the quasi-derivative. In the theory of H-derivative defines a derivative in certain directions corresponding to the Cameron-Martin Hilbert space. The derivative also admits a generalization to the space of distributions on a space of functions using integration by parts against a suitably well-behaved subspace. On a function space, the linear operator which assigns to each function its derivative is an example of a differential operator.  General differential operators include higher order derivatives.  By means of the Fourier transform, pseudo-differential operators can be defined which allow for fractional calculus. The notion of derivation applies to noncommutative as well as commutative rings, and even to non-associative algebraic structures, such as Lie algebras. Also see Pincherle derivative. In module. They can be used to define an analogue of exterior derivative  from differential geometry that applies to arbitrary algebraic varieties, instead of just smooth manifolds. In strict differentiability instead. Also see arithmetic derivative. This concept of a derivative of a type has practical applications, such as the zipper technique used in functional programming languages. The differential or pushforward of a map between manifolds is the induced map between tangent spaces of those maps.  It abstracts the Jacobian matrix. On the exterior algebra of differential forms over a smooth manifold, the exterior derivative is the unique linear map which satisfies a graded version of the Leibniz law and squares to zero.  It is a grade 1 derivation on the exterior algebra. In differential geometry, the covariant derivative makes a choice for taking directional derivatives of vector fields along curves.  This extends the directional derivative of scalar functions to sections of vector bundles or principal bundles.  In Riemannian geometry, the existence of a metric chooses a unique preferred torsion-free covariant derivative, known as the Levi-Civita connection.  See also gauge covariant derivative for a treatment oriented to physics. The exterior covariant derivative extends the exterior derivative to vector valued forms. It may be possible to combine two or more of the above different notions of extension or abstraction of the original derivative.  For example, in Finsler geometry, one studies spaces which look locally like Banach spaces.  Thus one might want a derivative with some of the features of a functional derivative and the covariant derivative. The study of H-derivative of a function on an abstract Wiener space.
