Od 1950-ih električni bas je zamijenio kontrabas u popularnoj glazbi. Bas se obično koristi za sviranje niskih bas dionica u popularnoj glazbi i jazzu.  Električni bas se također koristi kao solo instrument u jazz, fusion, Latino i funk stilovima. Samouki električar Telecasteru iz jednog dijela, four-pole pickupa u kontunirani oblik tijela s zakrivljenim rubovima za udobnost i jedan "split coil pickup". Bodies are typically made of wood although other materials such as woods are suitable for use in the body, neck, and fretboard of the bass guitar - the most common type of wood used for the body is alder, for the neck is maple, and for the fretboard is rosewood. The choice of body material and shape can have a significant impact on the timbre of the completed instrument as well as on aesthetic considerations. While most basses have solid bodies, they can also include hollow chambers to increase the resonance or reduce the weight of the instrument. Basses are also built with entirely hollow bodies, which changes the tone and resonance of the instrument. Acoustic bass guitars are typically equipped with piezoelectric or magnetic pickups and amplified. Bass guitar necks, which are longer than regular electric guitar necks, are generally made of Graphite or carbon fiber are used to make lightweight necks, an approach pioneered by G. Gould of Modulus Guitars.  Peavey makes the graphite-necked basses such as the G-Bass the B-Quad, and Status has manufactured entire basses out of graphite. Many other guitar companies also use graphite in their necks, to add stability and sustain. Early basses used flatwound strings with a smooth surface, which had a smooth, damped sound reminiscent of a double-bass. In the 1960s and 1970s, roundwound bass strings similar to guitar strings became popular. Roundwounds have a brighter timbre with greater sustain than flatwounds. Flatwounds are still used by bassists who want a more vintage, smooth, or damped sound. Leo Fender's 34" scale, also called a "long scale" remains the standard for electric basses, although 30" or "short scale" instruments, such as the Höfner Violin Bass, played by Paul McCartney, and the Fender Mustang Bass are fairly popular. Once only available only as boutique instruments, many manufactures have begun offering 35, 35.5 and 36" scale lengths, also called an "extra long scale." The purpose of the extra long scale is to give a higher string tension, which yields a more defined tone on the B string of 5 and 6 stringed instruments or detuned 4 string basses. The frets divide the fingerboard into semitone divisions, although fretless basses are also widely available. The original Fender basses had 20 frets, but modern basses can have up to 24 frets. Some fretless basses have "fret lines" inlaid in the fingerboard as a guide, while others only use guide marks on the side of the neck. Strings wound with tape are sometimes used with the fretless bass so that the metal string windings will not wear down the fingerboard. Some fretless basses, such as those made by Pedulla, have fingerboards which are coated with epoxy to increase the durability of the fingerboard, enhance sustain and give a brighter tone. Although most fretless basses have four strings, five-string and six-string fretless basses are also available. Fretless basses with additional strings are also available, but these are typically "boutique" or custom-made instruments. In the mid-2000s, luthier Jerzy Drozd built the first 10-string and 12-string fretless basses. Fretless basses are widely used in Primus' bassist Les Claypool and The Mars Volta's bassist Juan Alderete also play fretless basses. Various electronic components such as signal processors, and the configuration of the speaker, can be used to alter the basic sound of the instrument. In the 1990s and early 2000s, signal processors such as compressors or limiters became increasingly popular additions to many electric bass players' gear, because these processors give players additional tonal options. There are pop, metal. Using a pick typically produces a "brighter" or "punchier" sound, while playing with fingers produces a softer and rounder sound. Some bassists use their fingernails flamenco-style to provide some compromise between playing fingerstyle and using a pick. Instead of alternating downstrokes and upstrokes, players can perform all downstrokes, which provides a more consistent attack to each note.  Bassists trying to emulate the sound of a double bass will often pluck the strings with their thumb or fingers rather than a plectrum, and use palm-muting to create a short, "thumpy" tone. Depending on where the string is plucked, a different timbre is produced. fundamental. In the two-handed contrapuntally, and perform chords and arpeggios. Players noted for this technique include John Entwistle, Stuart Hamm, Billy Sheehan, Victor Wooten, and Michael Manring. The Chapman Stick and Warr guitar are many-stringed instruments that are designed to be played using two-handed tapping. The electric bass is the standard bass instrument in many Country, post-1970s-style Heavy metal, Punk, soul and funk. Even though the double bass is still the standard bass instrument in orchestral settings, some late-20th-century composers have used the electric bass in an orchestral setting.  Modern bass playing draws on guitar and double bass for inspiration as well as an increasing vernacular of its own. The bass may have differing roles within different types of music and the bassist may prefer different degrees of prominence in the music. Early uses of the electric bass saw bassists doubling the double bass part or replacing the upright bass entirely with their new, more portable and easily amplified instrument. By the end of the 1960s, the electric bass had replaced the upright bass in many forms of popular music.
