উইকিমিডিয়া ফাউন্ডেশনের নিবন্ধনকৃত প্রকল্পের সূচনা করেছে। এর সকল প্রকল্পে আপনাকে, সাহসী হয়ে, একত্রে কাজ করার মানসিকতা নিয়ে, সম্পাদনা ও গুরুত্বপূর্ণ অবদান রাখার জন্য স্বাগত জানানো হচ্ছে। যদিও উইকিমিডিয়া ফাউন্ডেশন এই ওয়েবসাইটের স্বত্ত্বাধিকারী, কিন্তু এই সংগঠনটি এটির লেখালেখি ও দৈনন্দিন কর্মকাণ্ডে খুব অল্পই ভূমিকা রাখে। Wikipedia articles are all linked, or cross-referenced. Wherever you see highlighted text like this, it means there is a link to some relevant article or Wikipedia page with further in-depth information elsewhere if you need it. Holding your mouse over the link will often show you where a link will take you. You are always one click away from more information on any point that has a link attached. There are other links towards the ends of most articles, for other articles of interest, relevant external Web sites and pages, reference material, and organized categories of knowledge which you can search and traverse in a loose sister projects. You can add further links if a relevant link is missing, and this is one way to contribute. As a wiki, articles are never complete. They are continually edited and improved over time. In general, this results in an upward trend of quality and a growing consensus over a fair and balanced representation of information. While the overall trend is toward improvement, it is important to use Wikipedia carefully if it is intended to be used as a research source, since individual articles will, by their nature, vary in quality and maturity. Guidelines and information pages are available to help users and researchers do this effectively, as is an article that summarizes third-party studies and assessments of the reliability of Wikipedia. Wikipedia's greatest strengths, weaknesses, and differences all arise because it is open to anyone, it has a large contributor base, and its articles are written by consensus, according to editorial guidelines and policies. উইকিপিডিয়ার দাবিত্যাগসমূহ উইকিপিডিয়ার সকল পাতার জন্য প্রযোজ্য। Wikipedia uses a simple yet powerful page layout to allow editors to concentrate on adding material rather than page design. These include automatic sections and subsections, automatic references and cross-references, image and table inclusion, indented and listed text, links, ISBNs, and math, as well as usual formatting elements and most world alphabets and common symbols. Most of these have simple formats that are deliberately very easy and intuitive. Wikipedia has robust version and reversion controls. This means that poor-quality edits or vandalism can quickly and easily be reversed or brought up to an appropriate standard by any other editor, so inexperienced editors cannot accidentally do permanent harm if they make a mistake in their editing. As there are many more editors intent on improving articles than not, error-ridden articles are usually corrected promptly. Wikipedia content is intended to be factual, notable, verifiable with cited external sources, and neutrally presented. Jimmy Wales, technically a Steward, in 2009 was moved to a new user access group called Founder, but does not expect to be treated any differently than any other editor. Wikipedia has a rich set of methods to handle most abuses that commonly arise. These methods are well-tested and should be relied upon. As well as systems to catch and control substandard and vandalistic edits, Wikipedia also has a full style and content manual and a variety of positive systems for continual article review and improvement. Examples of the processes include peer review, good article assessment, and the featured article process, a rigorous review of articles that are intended to meet the highest standards and showcase Wikipedia's capability to produce high-quality work. Wikipedia is run as a communal effort. It is a community project whose result is an encyclopedia. Feedback about content should, in the first instance, be raised on the discussion pages of those articles. You are invited to be bold and edit the pages yourself to add information or correct mistakes if you are knowledgeable and able to do so. Because of the nature of Wikipedia, it is encouraged that people looking for information should try to find it themselves in the first instance. If, however, you come across valid information missing from Wikipedia, be bold and add it yourself so others can gain from your research, too. For specific discussion not related to article content or editor conduct, see the Village pump, which covers such subjects as announcements, policy and technical discussion, and information on other specialized portals such as the help, reference and peer review desks. The Community Portal is a centralized place to find things to do, collaborations, and general editing help information, and find out what is happening. If you need more information, the first place to go is the talk page. Standard places to ask policy and project-related questions are the village pump, online, and the Wikipedia mailing lists, over e-mail. You can also reach other Wikipedians via IRC and e-mail. About
