Veronica Guerin is a 2003 Irish/Irish journalist Veronica Guerin, whose investigation into the drug trade in Dublin led to her murder in 1996. The film is the second to be inspired by Guerin's life. Three years earlier, When the Sky Falls centered on the same story, although the names of the real-life characters were changed. Guerin begins by interviewing the prepubescent addicts who shoot up on the street or in abandoned buildings in the housing projects. Her investigation leads her to major suppliers and John Traynor, a notable source of information about the criminal underworld. Traynor is willing to assist her to an extent but is not above misleading her in order to protect himself from nefarious drug lord John Gilligan. In order to steer her away from Gilligan, Traynor suggests Gerry Hutch, a criminal known as The Monk, is in charge of the operation. Guerin pursues him with a vengeance, only to discover he is not involved. As Guerin's investigation deepens and she comes closer to the truth, she and her family become targets. When a bullet fired through a window in her home as a warning fails to stop her, she is shot in the leg and the life of her young son Cathal is threatened. Her husband Graham, mother Bernie, and brother Jimmy implore her to stop, but when Guerin confronts Gilligan at his home and he savagely beats her, she becomes more determined to expose him for who he is. Rather than press charges against him, which would necessitate her being removed from the story, she forges ahead with her investigation. On June 26, 1996, Guerin appears in court to respond to an accumulation of parking tickets and numerous citations for speeding she has ignored. She is charged a nominal fine of £100, and while en route home calls her mother and then her husband to report the good news. She is speaking to her office while stopped at a red light on the Naas Dual Carriageway when a motorcycle with two men on it pulls up beside her. The driver breaks the window of her car and then shoots her six times. The two flee and dispose of the bike and the gun in a nearby river. Guerin is mourned by her family, friends, associates, and the country at large. Her martyrdom results in the establishment of the Parliament, the Government altered the High Court to freeze the assets of suspected drug barons. Everyone in the Republic of Ireland remembers where they were when they heard that Veronica Guerin had been murdered on the Naas Road." The soundtrack includes "Funeral Song" and "One More Day" performed by Sinéad O'Connor, "Aftermath" by Tricky, and "Everlasting Love" by U2. Colin Farrell makes a cameo appearance as a heavily tattooed young man Guerin briefly engages in conversation about a soccer match Irish Film & Television Award nominations went to Ciarán Hinds, Gerard McSorley, and Brenda Fricker for their performances, Brendan Galvin for Best Cinematography, Joan Bergin for Best Costume Design, and Dee Corcoran and Ailbhe Lemass for Best Hair/Make-Up. The film won the UGC Cinemas Audience Award for Best Irish Film. Joel Schumacher won the Solidarity Award at the San Sebastián International Film Festival.
