However, at the same time that he was solidifying Confucianism's position as the official ideology, the empire's condition slowly deteriorated due to his indecisiveness and inability to stop factional infighting between officials in his administration, and his trusting of certain corrupt officials. In 70 BC, Emperor Xuan created Huo Chengjun empress. Accustomed to luxury living, her palace expenditures far exceeded the late Empress Xu.  Her becoming empress would threaten Prince Shi's life, as in 67 BC, Emperor Xuan created the eight-year-old Prince Shi crown prince and created Empress Xu's father and Prince Shi's grandfather Xu Guanghan the Marquess of Ping'en—an action that Huo Guang had opposed.  Huo's wife Lady Xian was shocked and displeased, because if her daughter were to have a son later, that son could only be a prince and not the future emperor. She instructed her daughter to murder the crown prince. Allegedly, Empress Huo did make multiple attempts to do so, but failed each time. Around this time, the emperor also heard rumors that the Huos had murdered Empress Xu, which led him to begin stripping the Huos of actual power, while giving them impressive titles. What Empress Huo tried to do influenced Emperor Xuan in his choice of his next wife.  At that time, he favored Consorts Hua, Zhang, and Wei, each of whom bore him children. He almost settled on Consort Zhang as his new empress. However, he became hesitant, remembering how Empress Huo had tried to murder the crown prince. He therefore resolved to create an empress who was childless and kind. He decided on the gentle Consort Wang, and created her empress in 64 BC.  Emperor Xuan put Prince Shi in her care, and she cared for him well. During his years as crown prince, Prince Shi did not have a major role in government, given the forceful nature of his father's personality.  He was taught the Confucian classics by a succession of Legalist and Confucian principles in his governance.  This would bring his father's ire on him.  In 53 BC, once, when Emperor Xuan and Prince Shi were having dinner, he suggested that Emperor Xuan employ more Confucian officials in key positions.  Emperor Xuan became extremely angry and commented that Confucian scholars were impractical and could not be given responsibilities, and further commented that Emperor Yuan would bring the downfall of the Liu imperial clan—words that would turn out to be fairly prophetic.  This would also bring his father to consider changing the succession plans, as he was also disappointed by Prince Shi's general lack of resolve.  He considered creating Prince Shi's younger brother Liu Qin, the Prince of Huaiyang, crown prince instead, but could not bring himself to do so—remembering how Prince Shi's mother Empress Xu was his first love and had been murdered by poisoning, and also how he depended on his father-in-law in his youth.  Prince Shi's position therefore was not seriously threatened. In 48 BC, Emperor Yuan created Consort Wang Zhengjun, the mother of his first born son Prince Ao, empress.  In 47 BC, he created Prince Ao crown prince. In 46 BC, alarmed at the high human and monetary cost of occupying Hainan and suppressing the frequent native rebellions, Emperor Yuan decreed that the two commanderies on the island be abandoned.  Similarly, in 40 BC, alarmed at the high cost of maintaining imperial temples, he reduced the number of standing temples. In 40 BC, more unusual signs occurred, and Emperor Yuan asked the court faction to explain how they could continue to occur if, as they alleged, they were signs of divine disapproval of Zhou and Zhang.  They could not, and so Emperor Yuan summoned Zhou and Zhang back to the capital to serve as advisors.  However, this would not last long, as Zhou soon died of a stroke, and Shi Xian found an opportunity to  falsely accuse Zhang of crimes and forced him to commit suicide.
