Proses untuk memperoleh nomor ISBN tidaklah rumit, terlebih bila datang sendiri ke Perpustakaan Nasional hanya memerlukan waktu beberapa jam. ISBN terdiri dari 10 digit nomor dengan urutan penulisan adalah kode negara-kode penerbit-kode buku-no identifikasi. Namun, mulai Januari 2007 penulisan ISBN mengalami perubahan mengikuti pola EAN, yaitu 13 digit nomor. Perbedaannya hanya terletak pada tiga digit nomor pertama ditambah 978. Jadi, penulisan ISBN 13 digit adalah 978-kode negara-kode penerbit-kode buku-no identifikasi. 978-979-penerbit-kode buku-no identifikasi 978-602-penerbit-kode buku-no identifikasi 979-979-penerbit-kode buku-no identifikasi 979-602-penerbit-kode buku-no identifikasi The publisher number is assigned by the national ISBN agency, and the item number is chosen by the publisher. There is, in general, no requirement for a publisher to assign an ISBN to a book nor for that book to display its number - but see below for the exception in China. However, many bookstores will only deal with items bearing an ISBN. The modulus 11 with weights 10 to 2, using X in lieu of 10 where ten would occur as a check digit. This means that each of the first nine digits of the 10-digit ISBN – excluding the check digit itself – is multiplied by a number in a sequence from 10 to 2 and that the resulting sum of the products, plus the check digit, must be divisible by 11 without a remainder. Since the new 13-digit ISBNs will be identical to the EAN barcoded format of any existing 10-digit ISBNs, this process will not break compatibility with any existing barcodes. This means that moving to an EAN-based system will allow booksellers to use a single numbering system for both book and non-book products without breaking backwards compatibility with existing ISBN-based information, and with only minimal changes to their IT systems. For this reason, many booksellers, including Barnes & Noble, have already opted to start the process of phasing out usage of ISBNs in favour of using EAN codes as of March 2005. ISBNs are used as a means of book censorship in the People's Republic of China.  For a printer to legally print a run of books, they must have an ISBN, which are assigned in blocks to state owned publishing houses.  However, since the 1990s, this means of censorship has become much less effective as state publishing houses, which, like all state owned enterprises, have been weaned from government subsidy, will now sell ISBNs to the highest bidder without regard to the content. -->
