এই পাতাটিতে বাংলা ভাষার উইকিপিডিয়ার ছবি সংক্রান্ত নীতি যেমন ফরমেট, বিষয়বস্তু এবং কপিরাইট ইত্যাদি সম্পর্কে আলোচনা করা হয়েছে। আপনার যদি কোন জিজ্ঞাসা বা প্রশ্ন থাকে তাহলে যথার্থ সাড়া পেতে তা প্রশাসকদের আলোচনাসভাতে ব্যক্ত করেন। Also, user-created images may not be watermarked, distorted, have any credits in the image itself or anything else that would hamper their free use, unless, of course, the image is intended to demonstrate watermarking, distortion etc. and is used in the related article. All photo credit should be in a summary on the image description page. Under United States copyright law, all images published before January 1, 1923 in the United States are now in the public domain, but this does not apply to images that were created prior to 1923 and published in 1923 or later.  The year 1923 has special significance and this date will not roll forward before 2019. Because Wikipedia pages, including non-English language pages, are currently hosted on a server in the United States, this law is particularly significant here. However, the interaction of Wikipedia, the GFDL, and international law is still under discussion. As a general rule of thumb, Wikipedia allows low-resolution images of copyrighted material if they are unlikely to affect the potential market for the material, are used for the purposes of analysis or criticism, and for which there is no alternative, non- or free-copyrighted replacement available. Media which is mis-tagged as fair use or is a flagrant copyright violation can and will be deleted on sight. Frequent uploading of non-fair use copyrighted material can be justification for banning a Wikipedia user. Converting an image to another file format changes the filename, hence the new image will have an entirely separate image description page. You may use the same name in the case of a different image that replaces the old one, and also if you make an improved version of the same image - perhaps a scanned image that you scanned again with a better quality scanner, or you used a better way of reducing the original in scale - then upload it with the same title as the old one. This allows people to easily compare the two images, and avoids the need to delete images or change articles. However, this is not possible if the format is changed, since then at least the extension part of the name has to be changed. No decision on photo montages has been made yet. Please discuss pros and cons of each option on the talk page. Most of the maps on the CIA World Factbook website were coded as JPEG, but are now coded as GIF. To update these photos, download the GIF picture from the CIA factbook, recode it in PNG format, and upload it to Wikipedia. Avoid images that mix photographic and iconic content. Though CSS makes it easy to use a PNG overlay on top of a JPEG image, the Wikipedia software does not allow such a technique. Thus, both parts must be in the same file, and either the quality of one part will suffer, or the file size will be unnecessarily large. For line art, particularly that which you've drawn yourself, it may be better to manually resize the images to the right size and use them in the article. This is because the automatic resizing function can sometimes produce images that are larger in bytes than the original and/or of worse quality than the original. This is a specific case where SVG can be useful. Larger images should generally be a maximum of 550 pixels wide, so that they can comfortably be displayed on 800x600 monitors. Since user preferences. For this reason, it is often a good idea to temporarily remove the least-important image from an article and queue it up on the article's talk page.  Once there is enough text to support the image, any contributor is free to shift the image back into the article. If a contributor believes such a queued image to be essential to the article, despite the lack of text, he or she may decide to put it back in.  However, he or she should not simply revert the article to its previous state, but make an attempt to re-size the images or create some sort of gallery section in order to deal with the original problem. It is important that queued images not be lost when archiving of talk pages takes place.
