Martin has numerous industry credits, not limited to having front page articles in Polyhedron, as well as being a finalist for the Diana Jones Award for Excellence in Gaming.  Martin has authored or co-authored dozens of modules for various platforms including AD&D, True Dungeon, and Marvel Superheroes. Martin has been the president of Dwarven Forge LLC since 2004, a company that specializes in hand painted miniature terrain. He has been the lead developer, or co-developer on several Dwarven Forge miniature terrain sets. Martin was born in Mt. Carmel Illinois and currently lives in southern Illinois with his wife and two young children.  His main hobby is presenting the True Dungeon event at Gen Con Indy every year, but he enjoys the company of his family and friends whenever possible.  Martin grew up in a thriving gaming community, having a fond affinity for hobby games from a young age. Martin has been attending the Gen Con gaming convention for over 20 years, and has been a part of the gaming community for just as long. Martin won the first ever RPGA D&D Masters Tournament at Gen Con 18, in 1985. He was also part of a small team of designers involved in the play testing of Advanced Dungeons and Dragons second edition. Martin started working in the Dwarven Forge booth at Gen Con as a volunteer in 2000, when he noticed Dwarven Forge creator Stefan Pokorny scrambling with others to get the booth open in time.  He ended up giving up the rest of his time during Gen Con to help, due to the big response created by the release of D&D 3.0.  Over the next few years Martin managed the Dwarven Forge booths at Origins and Gen Con Indy.  Eventually in 2004 Pokorny asked Martin to manage the "chocolate factory" while Pokorny stepped back from the day-to-day operations.  Since then, Martin has changed the Dwarven Forge business model from a classic "sold in store" approach, to a "direct to gamers"  distribution via their website and game conventions.  Martin has developed many sets inside his tenure at Dwarven Forge, and he is especially proud of the Den of Evil and Realm of the Ancient limited-edition product lines. Fantasy Floor Set - MM-021 Fantasy Starter Set - MM-022 Den of Evil Room and Passage Set - MM-023 Cavernous River and Walls Set - MM-024 Cavernous Lake Set - MM-025 Medieval Building Set - MM-026 Den of Evil Wicked Additions Set - MM-027 Medieval Building Expansion Set - MM-028 Den of Evil Room Set - MM-030 Cavernous Water Expansion Set  -MM-031 Cavernous Chasm Set - MM-032 Realm of the Ancients Set - MM-034 Realm of the Ancients 2 Set - MM-035 Sci-Fi Alpha Expansion Set - SF-003 Sci-Fi Beta Expansion Set - SF-004 Sci-Fi Gamma Expansion Set - SF-005 Martin is also co-videographer and co-editor for the True Dungeon teaser trailers.
