Its goal is to deliver Agile methods for developing software, and it forms a part of the Agile Alliance. Below is the process-data diagram of DSDM as a whole Project life-cycle with all of its four steps. This diagram depicts the DSDM iterative development, started on functional model iteration, design and build iteration, and implementation phase. The description of each stage will be explained later in this entry. The deliverables for this stage are the Feasibility Report and the Feasibility Prototype that address the feasibility of the project at hand. It is extended with a Global Outline Plan for the rest of the project and a Risk Log that identifies the most important risks for the project. An important project technique used in the development of this plan is timeboxing. This technique is essential in realising the goals of DSDM, namely being on time and on budget, guaranteeing the desired quality. A system architecture is another aid to guide the development of the IS.The deliverables for this stage are a business area definition that describes the context of the project within the company, a system architecture definition that provides an initial global architecture of the IS under development together with a development plan that outlines the most important steps in the development process. At the base of these last two documents there is the prioritised requirements list. This list states all the requirements for the system, organised according to the MoSCoW principle. And last the Risk Log is updated with the facts that have been identified during this phase of DSDM. The deliverables for this stage are a Functional Model and a Functional Prototype that together represent the functionalities that could be realised in this iteration, ready for testing by users. Next to this, the Requirements List is updated, deleting the items that have been realised and rethinking the prioritisation of the remaining requirements. The Risk Log is also updated by having risk analysis of further development after reviewing the prototyping document. The deliverables for this stage are a Design Prototype during the phase that end users get to test and at the end of the Design and Build Iteration the Tested System is handed over to the next phase. In this stage, the system is mainly built where the design and functions are consolidated and integrated in a prototype. Another deliverable for this stage is a User Documentation. The deliverables for this stage are a Delivered System on location, ready for use by the end users, Trained Users and detailed Project Review Document of the system. The Functional Model Iteration, Design & Build Iteration and Implementation stages can go over their sub stages several times before entering the next stage. Each iteration addresses a set of new functionalities, and every iteration builds on a working predecessor. Each iteration can be undone if needed. The Process Overview figure also shows arrows going back to previous stages. For example, there is an arrow from Implementation to the Business Study. If a big functionality has been discovered during development that couldn’t be implemented, it might be possible to start all over by defining new requirements in a Business Study. Similarly, there is an arrow from Implementation to the Functional Model Iteration. Functionality might be omitted during a previous Functional Model Iteration because of time or budget constraints. The project should proceed into the post-project phase only when it meets all the requirements defined by the project and business goals. Because of the iterative nature of DSDM, it is essential to maintain good requirements management and phases of the project. The Meta data model, depicted below, identifies the concepts and associations between these concepts within DSDM. As can be seen from the figure, two main concepts can be identified, namely the Phase and the Flow concept. Each Flow originates from a Phase within DSDM. Flows can be divided up in the sub concepts Data and Product. This subdivision is denoted with a C, which means that the subdivision is disjoint and complete. In other words, a Flow is always either a Data Flow or a Product Flow, but never both. In the situation of DSDM a Data Flow can be an arc returning to one of the preceding phases. Product Flows are tangible goods that result from one of the Phases and are the input of the next Phase'', for example reports and prototypes. Then there is the second concept Phase that is also be divided two sub concepts with a complete and disjoint ordering. These sub concepts are the Sequential and the Iterative Phases. As was explained in an earlier section, DSDM starts with two sequential phases, The Feasibility and Business Study. Next a number of Iterative phases follow, i.e. Functional Model, Design & Build and Implementation phases. The picture also mentions a number of rules and issues that are not included in the model, but that are important for this meta-model. First there are the rules that concerns the behavior of the ‘’Flows’’. These rules restrict the freedom of the flows so that they correspond to the ‘’Phase’’ transitions within DSDM. Next to the rules a number of important issues are addressed that ensure that the DSDM project life-cycle is guaranteed. The iterative approach is used in this development method. Like XP and RUP there are many other development methods that show similarities to DSDM, but DSDM does distinguish itself from these methods in a number of ways. First there is the fact that it provides a tool and technique independent framework. This allows users to fill in the specific steps of the process with their own techniques and software aids of choice. Another unique feature is the fact that the variables in the development are not time/resources, but the requirements. This approach ensures the main goals of DSDM, namely to stay within the deadline and the budget. And last there is the strong focus on communication between and the involvement of all the stakeholders in the system. Although this is addressed in other methods, DSDM strongly believes in commitment to the project to ensure a successful outcome.
