The Kingdom of England was, from 927 to 1707, a capital and chief royal residence was Winchester, but Westminster and Gloucester were accorded almost equal status—with Westminster gradually gaining preference. The Kingdom of England has no specific founding date. The Kingdom originated in the kingdoms of the ancestral English, the Roman province of Kent, Essex, Sussex and Wessex. The Viking invasions shattered the pattern of the English kingdoms.  The English lands were finally unified in the 10th century in a reconquest completed by King Athelstan in AD 927. During the Heptarchy, the most powerful King among the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms might become acknowledged as Kings of Wessex became increasingly dominant over the other kingdoms of England during the 9th century. In 827 AD, Northumbria submitted to Egbert of Wessex at Dore. It has been claimed that Egbert thereby became the first king to reign over a united England, however briefly. During the following years Northumbria repeatedly changed hands between the English kings and the Norwegian invaders, but was definitively brought under English control by King Edred in 954 AD, completing the unification of England.  At about this time, Lothian, the northern part of Northumbria, was ceded to the Kingdom of Scotland. The Kingdom of England and the Duchy of Normandy remained in John, a fourth-generation descendant of William, lost the continental possessions of the Duchy to Normandy, including the King John, together with most of the Duchy of Aquitaine. Up to the time of the Norman conquest of Anglo-Saxon England, Wales had remained for the most part independent of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, although some Welsh kings did sometimes acknowledge the Bretwalda, for example. However, soon after the Norman conquest of England, some of the Norman lords began to attack Wales. They conquered parts of it, which they ruled, acknowledging the overlordship of the Norman kings of England, but with considerable local independence. Over many years these "Marcher Lords" conquered more and more of Wales, against considerable resistance led by various Welsh princes, who also often acknowledged the overlordship of the Norman kings of England. Accordingly, this was a highly significant moment in the history of medieval England, as it re-established links with the pre-Saxon past. These links were exploited for political purposes to unite the peoples of the kingdom, including the Anglo-Normans, by popularising Welsh legends. The British language, with significant Latin influences—continued to be spoken by the majority of the population of Wales for at least another 500 years, and is yet today a majority language in many parts of the country. During the 1530s, Henry VIII overthrew the power of the Roman Catholic Church within the kingdom, replacing the Pope as head of the English church, and seizing the church's lands, thereby beginning the creation of a new Protestant religion. This had the effect of aligning England with Scotland, which also gradually adopted a Protestant religion, whereas the most important continental powers, France and Spain, remained Roman Catholic. In 1541, during Henry VIII's reign, the Parliament of Ireland proclaimed him King of Ireland, thereby bringing the Kingdom of Ireland into personal union with the Kingdom of England. Henry VIII's younger daughter, Elizabeth I of England, consolidated the new Protestant Church of England. She also began to build up the kingdom's naval strength, on the foundations her father had laid down. In 1588 her new navy was strong enough to defeat the Spanish Armada, which had sought to invade England in order to put a Catholic monarch on the throne in her place. The Stuart kings, however, over-estimated the power of the English monarchy, and were cast down by Parliament in 1645 and 1688. In the first instance, Charles I's introduction of new forms of taxation, in defiance of Parliament, led to the interregnum of 1649–1660. Henceforth, the monarch could reign only at the will of Parliament. In 1707 the Acts of Union, ratified by both the Queen Anne, the last monarch of the House of Stuart, became the first monarch of the new kingdom. The English and Scottish Westminster, government. The laws of England were unaffected, with the legal jurisdiction continuing to be that of Act of Union of 1800 between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Kingdom of Ireland, which created the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland). The rule of the executed King Charles I was replaced by that of a Ireland and Scotland. The victorious Cromwell eventually turned against the republic, and established a new form of government known as The Protectorate, with himself as Lord Protector until his death on 3 September 1658. He was succeeded by his son Richard Cromwell. However, anarchy eventually developed, as Richard proved unable to maintain his rule. He resigned his title and retired into obscurity. The Commonwealth was then re-established, but proved to be unstable, so the exiled claimant, Charles II, was recalled to the throne by Parliament in 1660 in the English Restoration. There were attempts in 1606, 1667 and 1689 to unite England and Scotland by Acts of Parliament, but the two were not ready for such a union until the early eighteenth century. In the Scottish case, the attractions were partly financial and partly to do with removing English trade sanctions put in place through the King William III in 1702 had led to the succession of Queen Anne to the crowns of England and Scotland, but her only surviving child had died in 1700, and the English Act of Security allowing for the Scottish Parliament to choose a different monarch, which could in turn lead to an independent foreign policy during a major European war. The English establishment did not wish to risk a Stuart on the Scottish throne, nor the possibility of a Scottish military alliance with another power. A Acts of Union of 1707, which created the Kingdom of Great Britain, the independence of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland came to an end on 1 May 1707. The Acts of Union also created a customs union and monetary union and provided that any "laws and statutes" that were "contrary to or inconsistent with the terms" of the Acts would "cease and become void."
