The Closing Ceremony of the 2005 Southeast Asian Games was held at Quirino Grandstand on December 5, 2005 which marked the end of the successful hosting of the Philippines for the biennial event. The host, for the first time in the history of the Southeast Asian Games, emerged as the new Southeast Asian sports champion after 28 years of lackluster performance on the medal tally. It was a festive and victorious night for all the 11-nation delegates as they entered the Grandstand to witness the closing of the huge sporting event in Southeast Asia. The athletes were welcomed with the lively performance of the world-renowned Filipino choir sang in 11 foreign languages to thank the nations for coming to the Philippines. Philippine Olympic Committee president Jose Cojuangco gave a short keynote speech emphasizing the importance of the games to the Southeast Asian region. He added that even if the Philippines practiced austerity in hosting the games, it made the guests happy by giving its outmost hospitality. Philippine Sports Commission Chairman William Ramirez introduced the guest of honor. President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo gave a keynote speech about the success of the games and its lesson to all the people of Southeast Asia. She declared the games closed and representatives of the next host nation were called. As the program continued, it was now the time for the host, the Philippines, to pass the hosting job to the next country, Thai King celebrates his 78th birthday. The Thai Olympic Committee promised to make the 24th edition of the games the most spectacular sporting event in its history as the opening date also commemorates the 80th birth anniversary of its king. Thai dancers graced the stage as to have an overview of what the athletes can expect as Thailand will host the 24th Southeast Asian Games in Nakhon Ratchasima. It was an amazing performance as they featured Amazing Thailand as the background. It was a spectacular night as the San Miguel Philharmonic Orchestra and San Miguel Master Chorale, under the baton of Mr. Ryan Cayabyab, added luster to a rendition of Filipino classics. The closing ceremony ended with a bang as the One Big Heart rally invaded the stage with all athletes of the participating countries on it. It was a one big party event. Tribal dancers are everywhere. Confettis showered the crowd. Lights played with the rhythm of drums, DJ' s music and chanting as their background. The celebration ended with a long spectacular firework display gracing the sky as all of the athletes danced to the tune of unity and prosperity. This is one of the Southeast Asian Games they will truly remember.
