செப் பீசாசு அமேசான்.காம்மை 1994ல் தொடங்கி, 1995ஆம் ஆண்டு இணையத்தில் வெளியிட்டார். இது ஒரு இணைய புத்தக அங்காடியாக தொடங்கப்பட்டது. விரைவில் பலத்தரப்பட்ட பொருள்களை விற்க ஆரம்பித்தது. அவை டி.வி.டி, இசை குறுந்தட்டுகள் மற்றும் எம்.பி.3க்கள், கணினி மென்பொருகள், விழி விளையாட்டுகள், எலெக்டிரானிக்சுகள், துணிகள், உணாவுகள் மற்றும் பொம்மைகள் ஆகும். அமேசான் தனக்கென தனியான தளத்தினை முக்கிய நாடுகளில் நிருவியுள்ளது. அவை கனெடா, யுனைட்டு கிங்டம், செர்மனி, பிரான்சு, சீனா, சப்பான் ஆகும். சர்வதேச அளவில் பொருட்களை தனது வாடிக்கையாளர்களுக்கு எடுத்துச்செல்கிறது. On November 21, 2005, Amazon entered the S&P 500 index, replacing AT&T after it merged with SBC Communications. On December 31, 2008, Amazon entered the S&P 100 index, replacing Merrill Lynch after it was taken over by Bank of America. In 1999, Time magazine named Bezos Person of the Year, recognizing the company's success in popularizing on-line shopping. Amazon.com powers and operates retail web sites for Target, enterprise clients, currently including the UK merchants Marks & Spencer, Benefit Cosmetics' UK entity and Mothercare, Amazon provides a unified multichannel platform whence a customer can interchangeably interact with the retail website, standalone in-store terminals, and phone-based customer service agents. Amazon Web Services also powers AOL's Shop@AOL. The company launched Amazon.com Auctions, its own Web auctions service, in March 1999. However, it failed to chip away at industry pioneer eBay's juggernaut growth. Amazon Auctions was followed by the launch of a fixed-price marketplace business called zShops in September 1999, and a failed Sotheby's/Amazon partnership called sothebys.amazon.com in November. Although zShops failed to live up to its expectations, it laid the groundwork for the hugely successful Amazon Marketplace service launched in 2001 that let customers sell used books, CDs, DVDs, and other products alongside new items. Today, Amazon Marketplace's main rival is eBay's Half.com service. In August 2007, Amazon announced perishable and Bellevue and Kirkland from summer 2007 through early 2008. Amazon.com has incorporated a number of products and services into its shopping model, either through development or acquisition.
