According to the same letter of Wolfgang Mozart written from Munich on October 11, 1777, an incompetent surgeon burned off Mysliveček's nose while trying to treat a mysterious illness.  A letter of Leopold Mozart to his son of October 1, 1777, refers to the illness as something shameful for which Mysliveček was deserving of social ostracism. Mysliveček's reputation for sexual promiscuity, Leopold's insinuations, and the reference to facial disfigurement in Wolfgang's letter hint unmistakenly at the symptoms of tertiary syphilis. Mysliveček's explanation for his condition to Wolfgang--bone cancer caused by a carriage accident—is on the face of it preposterous. The concern Mozart revealed to his father at this time for Mysliveček's sufferings was very touching.  In the entire Mozart correspondence, no individual outside the Mozart family was ever the cause for so much outpouring of emotion as what is found in Wolfgang's letter of 11 October 1777. Mysliveček's compositions evoke a gracious, diatonic style typical of Italian classicism in music.  His best works are characterized by melodic inventiveness, logical continuity, and a certain emotional intensity that may be attributable to his dynamic personality. Works for Solo Keyboard 1 undated sonata in C major in the Archivio e Museo della Badia of the Basilica Benedettina di San Pietro, Perugia Violin Sonatas 5 sonatas for violin and a bass line preserved in manuscripts in the library of the Conservatorio di Musica Niccolò Paganini in Genoa, perhaps from the 1760s 6 sonatas for violin and keyboard in a manuscript dated 1777 in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague [D major, F major, E-flat major, G major, B-flat major, E-flat major] 6 sonatas for violin and keyboard in an undated manuscript in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague [D major, G major, C major, B-flat major, F major, C major] Sonatas for Two Cellos 6 sonatas for two cellos and a bass line in an undated manuscript in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague [A major, D major, G major, F major, C major, B-flat major] Sonata for Violin, Cello, and Bass 1 sonata in G major for violin, cello, and a bass line in an undated manuscript in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague Duets for Two Flutes 6 duets for two flutes and a bass line in an undated manuscript in the private collection of Antonio Venturi in Montecatini-Terme, Italy [G major, C major, A minor, E minor, D major, B-flat major] Trios for Flute, Violin, and Cello String Trios Six sonates, op. 1, for 2 violins and cello published by La Chevardière in Paris ca. 1768 [C major, A major, D major, F major, A major, E-flat major] Six sonates, op. 1, for 2 violins and cello published by La Menu in Paris in 1772 [C major, G major, E-flat major, A major, B-flat major, F major] 5 additional trios for 2 violins and cello survive in undated manuscripts in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague [D major, F major, F major, G major, A major] Trio for Violin, Cello, and String Bass 1 trio in G major for this combination of instruments survives in the České Muzeum Hudby String Quartets String Quintets 6 string quintets in an undated manuscript in the Biblioteca Estense in Modena [G major, E-flat major, C major, A major, F major, B-flat major] Wind Quintets 6 quintets for 2 oboes, 2 horns, and bassoon in undated manuscripts in the Santini-Bibliothek in Münster, probably composed in Rome in 1780 or 1781 [D major, G major, E-flat major, B-flat major, F major, C major] Wind Octets 3 octets for 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 horns, and 2 bassoons in undated manuscripts from the Fürstlich Fürstenburgische Hofbibliothek, probably composed in Munich in 1777 or 1778 [E-flat major, E-flat major, B-flat major] Oboe Quintets 6 quintets for oboe with string quartet in an undated manuscript in the Biblioteca Comunale in Treviso [B-flat major, D major, F major, C major, A major, E-flat major] Miscellaneous Work for Wind Instruments "Cassation" for 2 clarinets & horn in B flat major in an undated manuscript in the Rossijskaja Nacional'naja Biblioteka in St. Petersburg Concertos Violin Concerto in D major cited in the Breitkopf catalog of 1769, preserved in an undated manuscript in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague Violin Concerto in C major cited in the Breitkopf catalog of 1770, preserved in an undated manuscript in the Thüringesches Hauptstaatsarchiv in Weimar, the original version of the Cello Concerto in C major Violin Concerto in C major preserved in an undated manuscripts in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague and other archives Six violin concertos preserved in an undated manuscript in the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde in Vienna, almost certainly composed by 1772 [E major, A major, F major, B-flat major, D major, G major] Cello Concerto in C major preserved in an undated manuscript in the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde in Vienna, an arrangement of a violin concerto preseved in Weimar Flute Concerto in D major preserved in an undated manuscript in the Biblioteka Uniwersytecka in Wrocław 2 Keyboard Concertos preserved in undated manuscripts in the Bibliothèque Nationale in Paris 3 concertos for wind quintet & orchestra in undated manuscripts in the library of the Monumento Nazionale di Montecassino Symphonies No. 1 - Symphony in C major dated 1762 in a manuscript preserved in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague No. 8 – Symphony in D major cited in a 1766 catalog of the musical holdings of the court of Sigmaringen Nos. 9-10 – Two symphonies [G major, D major] cited in a 1768 catalog of the musical holdings of the Benedictine monastery of Lambach Nos. 11-12 – Two symphonies [D major, E-flat major] offered for sale in the Breitkopf catalog of 1769 No. 13 – Symphony in D major dated 1769 in a manuscript in the Moravské Zemské Muzeum in Brno No. 14 – Symphony in G major dated 1770 in a catalog of the musical holdings of the Benedictine monastery in Göttweig No. 15 – Symphony in F major preserved in a manuscript of ca. 1770 in the Fürstlich  Thurn und Taxis Hofbibliothek in Regensburg No. 16 – Symphony in B-flat major preserved in a manuscript of ca. 1770 in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague No. 17 – Symphony in G major preserved in a manuscript collection from the early 1770s in the Music Division of the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. No. 18 - Symphony in F major preserved in a manuscript of ca. 1771 in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague Nos. 19-25 – Seven symphonies [C major, D major, D major, F major, C major, D major, F major] cited in a 1771 catalog of the musical holdings of Stift Vorau [the music for Nos. 23-25 is lost] Nos. 32-35 – Four symphonies [D major, E-flat major, A major, B-flat major] cited in an Austrian catalog of unidentifiable origins compiled ca. 1775 Nos. 36-41 – Six symphonies [D major, B-flat major, G major, E-flat major, C major, F major] offered for sale in the Breitkopf catalog of 1776/77 [all of which are lost] Nos. 42-47 – Six symphonies [C major, D major, E-flat major, F major, G major, B-flat major] dated 1778 in manuscripts from the library of the Pfarrkirche in Weyarn No. 48 – Symphony in D major dated 1780 in a manuscript in the Biblioteca Civica Girolamo Tartarotti in Rovereto Nos. 49-53 - Five symphonies [C major, D major, F major, F major, G major] preserved in manuscripts of ca. 1780 in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague No. 54 – Symphony in E-flat major preserved in an undated manuscript in the České Muzeum Hudby in Prague No. 55 – Symphony in G major preserved in an undated manuscript in the Biblioteca Estense in Modena Overtures Overtures are preserved for all of the Mysliveček operas and oratorios that survive in score, most of them disseminated in manuscript and printed form to be performed as separate instrumental pieces.  A complete listing of sources is presented in Freeman, Josef Mysliveček.  The most significant print of overtures is the Sei sinfonie da orchestra published by Ranieri del Vivo in Florence ca. 1777, the first anthology of symphonic works ever known to have been published in Italy. See List of Operas by Mysliveček.
