Slot car racing ranges from casual get-togethers at home tracks, using whatever cars the host makes available, to very serious competitions in which contestants painstakingly build or modify their own cars for maximum performance and compete in a series of races culminating in a national championship. Some hobbyists, much as in model railroading, build elaborate tracks, sculpted to have the appearance of a real-life racecourse, including miniature buildings, trees and people, while the more serious competitive racers often prefer a track unobstructed by scenery. Generally, tracks for formal competition may have banked corners and may bridge one section over another, but may not otherwise use "trick" configurations. Home tracks often include special features to increase the drama and/or challenge of racing, such as slots that wiggle or squeeze the lanes together, bumps, airborne jumps, or uneven surfaces, but these are typically called "toy" tracks and are not used for competition in more serious organizations. A different segment of the hobby is slot car drag racing on a long straight strip of track. In HO size, these dragstrips are often a scale quarter-mile. HO Scale competition tracks are typically between 60 and 100 ft in length and 4 to 6 lanes wide. Plastic tracks, often modified for improved performance, are more common in HO competition than in the larger scales, as is the use of large home courses for formal racing. ``Dirty'' tracks - these tracks are mainly used for rally and raid. Many tracks use banks of lead-acid batteries to produce sufficient high amp DC power, but in recent years, relatively inexpensive high-quality electronically-regulated power supplies have become more popular to achieve consistent and clean power. Bracketed formats are usually reserved for national events, and include qualifying, elimination consis, semifinals, and a main. "The Fray In Ferndale", California boasts the largest turnout of any slot car race in the world. The highly competitive race is held yearly, in February, and more than 100 individuals, and 16 teams, show up to race on 8 tables. This is the race that determines the direction that the hobby takes, regarding the venerable Aurora Thunderjet. The race has been held since 1997. HO Scale Oval racing is very popular in the Northeastern USA. The cars are molded to look like Dirt Modifieds and Sprint Cars. The Sprint Cars and Dirt Modified cars are raced on oval tracks anywhere from 8 lanes to 4 lanes. a) Nostalgia Can-Am b) Vintage NASCAR c) Nostalgia F1 d) TSR e) Vintage "Thingie" See the current edition of the USRA rules for technical specifications and approved parts for USRA "group" racing classes. Formula-2000 Other international organisations such as the IMCA and ISRA have their own classifications and technical regulations. Contact the organisation directly for their latest rules and series schedule. Many types of races exist for this class. Speed Rally - world rally cars, production, super 1600, ... Raid - T1, T2, T3, T4, T5 To note that in rally and raid races it is frequent to include ``dirty'' races, e.g. snow or dirt. HO Racing Classes HOPRA and UFHORA run similar classes and similar rules for those classes. The following are brief explanations of some of those classes. General rules specify the size of the car and anything else that pertains to all classes. The President of the USRA, Chris Radisich, is considering sanctioning a "Division 3" which will be for vintage-type or retro slot racing cars. The rules and Division 3 series are at this moment still evolving, but the purpose is to create a class where the cars raced are easily recognized and to shift away from expensive high tech componentry.
