José de la Paz Herrera Ucles is a famous Honduran footballer and coach. Best known as Chelato, he grew up in El Paraíso in extreme poverty. From Soledad, his family moved to Comayagüela, where he was introduced to soccer. He dedicated his life to soccer, choosing it over baseball in a time when baseball was very popular in Honduras. The first part of Chelato's history in National League begins in Real España. With it, Chelato also delivered to the city of San Pedro Sula their first championship ever, after defeating Club Deportivo Motagua of Tegucigalpa by the score of 1-0 in their final match. In spite of all the triumphs obtained with big teams, Chelato never could carry a small team to win a championship title.  In 1983 he left Club Universidad at the doorstep of the title. And later, in the nineties the disappointment was for Club Deportivo Platense. Clearly, Herrera had a lot of success in the Honduran national league. His extensive participation as coach, took him to win a total of 5 championships and to have a fighting chance in six tournaments. His record is only surpassed by the “old fox” of the Honduran National Soccer League, Carlos Padilla Velasquez. The first test for Chelato in this new process was Copa UNCAF of Panama in Honduras lost 3 out of 5 matches in the tournament, finishing fourth. This forced the team to a  play off games against Trinidad & Tobago and Martinique. The team was supposed to win these two matches, if it were to participate in the upcoming Gold Cup. After this setback, Chelato was criticized harshly by the Honduran press, reason why on February 22, he said "from the beginning everything was lost". Because the players never did what he commanded them to do. Later on,  Chelato said that he was ready to leave his post as the Honduran national team coach, if the federation asked him to do so. Pavon took control of the national team and qualified it, to the Trinidad and Tobago and Martinique. After the participation of Pavón in the Mexico’s Gold Cup, the directory of the Federation named Bora Milutinovic as the new Honduran coach. When Milutinovic was contacted in his residence by Honduran national team. With these two coaches in command, Honduras started the elimination round relatively well. They beat Costa Rica at home by score of 5-2.  But the results after that first win were negative for the new coaches. He was asked if the situation could be reverted with the national team facing elimination against Costa Rica. To what Chelato responded "In 33 days much can be done." And that "Is not impossible to win against to Costa Rica.” He also added' that if he qualified Honduras to the next round, he would be elected president. After having accepted the coaching position, Chelato prepared the team in Costa Rica in the final match. The press blamed Chelato, for dismantling the team with only 33 days left for a crucial match. Chelato on the other hand, blamed the federation and Bora Milutinovic, and the federation blamed the press. In order to clear rumors, about possible outside help in the general elections, Chelato assured that he had not bought his seat in the National Congress of Honduras. That he obtained it by walking to the barrios and going to places where nobody else would dare to go. "Nunca se sabe" "You never know" This quote has been a boom in Honduran society.
