Schell attended Episcopal Pomfret School in Connecticut, after which he attended Harvard University, leaving in 1960 after his junior year to study Chinese, first at Stanford University and then at National Taiwan University from 1961-1964. While in Taiwan, Schell began writing columns for the Boston Globe as its "Man in Asia." He then returned to Harvard and studied Asian history, culture and politics under John Fairbank and Edwin Reischauer, and completed his bachelor's degree in 1964. In 1975 Schell and his younger brother New Republic. He has written widely for many other magazine and newspapers, including Wired, Foreign Affairs, Newsweek, the China Quarterly, and the New York Times, Washington Post and Los Angeles Times. He has also been a co-producer for the Frontline. Schell's selection as Dean of the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism was attended by controversy. A lawsuit filed by the Academic Freedom Project of the Individual Rights Foundation alleged the head of the search committee, sociology professor Troy Duster, refused to interview a qualified conservative journalist for the job, and that Schell's appointment constituted political patronage, which is illegal under California's labor laws.  The suit also argued that a political litmus test for the deanship illegally denied public employment and First Amendment rights to a conservative applicant. The lawsuit was dropped when all conservative applicants withdrew from consideration. During his tenure at UC Berkeley, Schell was responsible for the hirings of Barbara Ehrenreich, Mark Danner, Steve Wasserman, Stephen Talbot and Tom Engelhardt, among others. "China was one model in the '60s and '70s for Westerners looking for new credos and new alternative belief systems.  Well, it turned out that China consumed itself. It did not necessarily disprove that certain socialist models are completely inappropriate for Third World developing countries. Rather it simply showed that the extremism of the Maoist experiment sabotaged that model... It's a great shame that Mao screwed up. His megalomania overpowered his efforts to see if China could be the first country that would find some different way to put itself together and to develop." "There isn't much I'd recommend anybody imitate in China now, because China is becoming an imitation of us... Now among the young there's enormous amounts of crime and disaffection and skepticism and cynicism, along with disillusionment, and its analogue, a greed for money. People always reach for money when everything else fails." In a September/October 1997 interview with Mother Jones magazine, he described Deng Xiaoping as "the counterrevolutionary par excellence in history", and China's capitalist bloc in the Communist Party as "using their positions both in the party and in the government to make money." Asked if China is ready for democracy, Schell answered "No... Some of [Deng Xiaoping's successors] fought for almost 50 years for the Marxist revolution, and I think it's very naïve for Westerners to assume that that experience, that mindset, that whole ideology just simply vanished with Deng's reforms." In 2004 Schell called China's Communist-Capitalist mix "Leninist capitalism". In an interview with Terri Gross of NPR's Fresh Air broadcast November 19, 2009, Schell stated that there are two types of democracy.  The first is the U.S. form, which has become increasingly unable to adapt or react to the challenges that the world is now facing, Global Warming being the most urgent.  The second is the Chinese form, "Autocratic Democracy", where the people are willing to delegate authority to their autocratic government to act in ways that guarantee economic growth. He suggests the Chinese form of democracy may be more adaptive because it is not encumbered by the special/single-interest power blocks found in the U.S., and appears to be able to act more decisively to deal with the complexities of the world of today, although it can also more quickly implement poor decisions.
